Charlie Chaplin is walking down a street with quite shabby looking houses when he suddenly got hit by some trash that seemed to be thrown out of a window (which is not visible to the audience in the screen ) and should have fallen into the waste can next to Chaplin. <br/>  <br/> Chaplin lights another cigarette, throws his gloves into the trash and looks to the other side where he finds a baby covered in a blanket lying on the Floor. He looks up to the window from where the trash was thrown out and picks the baby up.  <br/>  <br/> Right behind him arrives a woman with a Buggy. She seems to look for something.Chaplin tries to get her attention, while she is returning from entering a house entrance he sets the baby into the buggy to the other kid. The woman is furious and tells him after Chaplin wants to leave her with both kids in the buggy to take the kid back and he eventually does that and walks away. <br/>  <br/> Chaplin arrives at the spot where he found the baby and put it back while a policeman arrived behind him seriously scanning the Situation. Chaplin turning around and almost stumbling into the policeman returns to the baby, picks it up and walks around the corner and finds an elderly man with a walking stick. Chaplin puts the baby in his arms and fastly walks away after pretending he needs to tie up his shoe. <br/>  <br/> The elderly man quickly walks with the baby around the corner just to find a buggy with another kid inside where he places the baby and disappears. After he is gone the woman from before steps out of the entrance and looks at the buggy, gets annoyed and is likely to look for Charlie Chaplin who encounters again the police man and eventually passes without any reaction. She follows him, hits him with her umbrella and drags him back to the buggy. They argue about the baby when the policeman joints the situation. Finally, Chaplin takes the baby out of the buggy and walks away, so do the others.  <br/>  <br/> Chaplin sits on the sidewalk thinking about putting the baby into a duct but then he rolls back.  <br/> He looks at the baby and finds a note saying that this baby is an orphan and needs love and care.  <br/> He smiles at the baby in his arms, gets up and walks away with it.
The clip shows how Charlie Chaplin finds a baby which was dropped behind the trash. He starts to search where the baby belongs to but he can't find the parents. After that, he tries to get rid of the baby, where he is watched by a police officer. At the end, Chaplin finds a short letter in the clothes of the children, in which the parents ask to take care of the orphew. After that, Chaplin decides to take care of the child.
In the beginning of the Chaplin video, Charlie Chaplin walks down a street, while rubbish gets thrown out of the houses above him and hits him. At the end of the street Charlie finds a baby laying on the ground, in the corner. He picks the baby up and turns around. In that moment, he sees a woman with stroller walk by. Charlie immediately walks up to the stroller, thinking it is the woman’s baby. So he puts the baby in it. When she sees the baby, she confronts Charlie with it and tells him to take the baby out since it is not hers. After he took the baby out, he walks back to the corner and wants to put it back. That is when a police officer walks by and notices him. So Charlie takes the baby and walks away. Around the corner he sees an old man walking by. Who he then outwits into holding the child. While the old man is holding the baby, Charlie quickly runs off and hides. So the old man walks down the street, with the baby in his hands, he sees the woman with the stroller and puts the baby in it. After that he runs away. Later, Charlie comes out of his hiding place and walks down this street in the exact moment that the woman notices the foreign child in her stroller. She sees Charlie and runs after him, hits him with her umbrella and tells him to take the baby. He again ist forced to do so, since the police officer was walking by in the same moment. So he sits down at the roadside, contemplating to put the baby in the drain. He does not do it. While he is holding the baby, he suddenly cuts hisself on so piece of paper which was hidden in the baby’s blanket. He takes it out and reads what is written on it. The paper reads: “ Please love and care for this orphan child. “  <br/> Suddenly Charlie gets very emotional and decides to take care of this orphan child.
Chaplin walked through a street, where a lot of violence happens. Suddenly he found a child on the street. In the following he tried to find hie mother but he wasn't successful. During his search for the mother he got in an controversial with a police officer. After Chaplin tired to find the mother of the child he tried to give the child to a man on the Street. The whole set up is looks really dirty and destroyed.
In the beginning of the sequence Charles Chaplin walks along a street, smoking a cigar and  suddenly finds a little child laying on the ground. He picks it up, sees a lady with a pram walking past and points out to her that she lost something and lays the child in the pram. The lady is not amused and Charles Chaplin brings the baby back to where he found it but a policeman is watching him – so he keeps the child. Under the pretext of having to close his shoes, he gives the baby to a stranger and runs away. The stranger however lays the baby again in the woman’s pram who is in a shop in the meantime and the stranger leaves. Charles Chaplin walks past the pram in the moment when the woman sees the baby in her pram. In this moment the policeman arrives and after a short discussion Charles Chaplin leaves – together with the child. He sits down on a pavement. While considering what to do now, he finds a letter with the beg to care for the baby. Charles Chaplin smiles and walks away carrying the child in his arms.
In the black and white video, you can see a man (Charlie Chaplin) walking down the street. A woman who lives in a house on the street throws rubbish out of the window. The rubbish falls on Charlie, but he continues walking. After he is hit by rubbish for the second time, he takes out a cigar and starts to smoke it. Then he sees a baby, wrapped up in a blanket, laying on the ground. He looks around but no one is there. He picks up the baby and as he turns around he sees a woman with a stroler and a baby in it. Charlie goes to the stroler and places the baby in it. The mother of the other baby is not pleased with Charlies action and argues. So he takes the baby out of the stroler and goes back to where he found it. There he puts the baby down on the street. As he starts to walk away a police officer occurs. Charlie turns around takes the baby and runs away. He meets an old man who is walking along the street and hands the baby over to him before the old man could agree. Then he hides from the old man. Stuck with the baby the old man walks past a stroler and puts the baby into it. The stroler belongs to the woman that Charlie wanted to give the baby to earlier. Charlie passes the stroler, in the same moment in which the woman sees the other child next to hers. She runs after Charlie, hitting him with an umbrella. She forces him to take back the baby. Charlie takes the baby and sits down on the sidewalk. He finds a note in the blankets, saying that someone should love this orphaned child. In the last sequence of the video, he smiles at the baby, and walks away.
The four minutes YouTube video “Charles Chaplin - The kid - The baby” in form of a silent, short, black and white movie where the actions are highlighted by music shows Charly Chaplin finding an orphan baby and his struggle to find the baby’s home until Chaplin submits to love and care for the orphan.  <br/>  <br/> The video starts with Chaplin authentic walking down the street and smoking. The people in that street throw there construction waste on the street and Chaplin gets hit. He stops and sees the lonely orphan baby. He wants to help the crying baby. He places him in the next baby buggy but the woman protests. Chaplin has to keep the baby. The near by police officer stops him to left the orphan alone in the street and Chaplin fails to hand the child to an other man on the street. In the end Caplin can’t leave the baby alone on the dirty street and takes the orphan with him.
Charles Chaplin - The kid - The baby <br/>  <br/> the video clip of "Charles Chaplin - The kid - the baby" posted by Ana Diaz Negrillo on youtube on the 25th of November 2016 shows a  mute scene of the protagonist Charles Chaplin who finds an abandoned baby and repeatedly tries to get rid of it, but in the end fails to get through with it. <br/>  <br/> The opening scene shows Charles Chaplin leaving a house. Once he is out on the streets he nearly gets hit two times by garbage, thrown out of the window above him. After lighting his cigarre he comes across an abandoned baby, lying on the ground beside him. He lifts the baby into his arms and notices a woman walking by with a pram. Mr Chaplin assumes that the baby belonges to her and lays it down into the pram. the women however rejects the baby since it does not belong to her. The protagonist then tries to leave the baby at the spot he found it. A policeman observed his crime and instructs him to keep the baby. Mr Chaplin then gives the baby to an old man he passes and immadeatly leaves. The old man, just as Mr Chaplin, lays down the baby into the same woman's pram and escapes rapidly. After noticing the baby in her pram she spots Mr Chaplin passing her and gives him the baby back with help from the policeman. Finally Mr Chaplin admitts defeat and gives up. however, he suddenly finds a piece of paper with a written message on it, saying to love the baby orphan and to care for it. Hence Mr Chaplin decides to keep the baby.
This movie is about a man who finds a baby in the streets and tries to find his or her parents. It is a movie without any spoken language but background music is playing the entire time. The main character - the man - walks along an alley and finds a baby next to a trash can. He picks the baby up and sees a women near by. He assumes the baby is hers therefore he wants to bring it back to her. The mother dosen't want the baby, it's probably not hers, so the man decided to put it back where he found it. As he puts the baby to the ground a police man appears and tells him off. The man takes the baby and looks around to find its parents. He is not successful thus he tricks another man into taking the baby. The other man does not want to keep the baby either, though, so he puts the baby in a woman's trolly. It was the same woman as the one the main character met earlier. She finds the baby in her trolly as the main character walks by her so she makes him take back the baby. The man thinks about some other ways to get rid of the baby but then he finds a letter on the baby. It reads "Please love and care for this orphan child." After reading this, the main character is happy to keep the baby and the film is over.
Charles Chaplin, wearing a black suit, gloves and a hat, walks through the streets while he is smoking a cigarette. People are throwing trash out of their windows and Charles Chaplin gets hit by it. He loses his cigarette and immediatley lights a new one. To his left, he sees a baby lying on the floor. He picks the baby up and tries to clam it down. Behind his back, a woman is walking through the street with a baby buggy. As Chaplin sees the woman, he carrys the child to the woman. But the woman gets quite angry as Chaplin puts the child into the buggy. She screams and shouts until Chaplin picks up the child again. The woman leaves. Chaplin brings back the child to the place he found it but a police officer notices him and Chaplin takes the baby again and gives it to another man, pretending he is fasting his shoes, but than he runs away. The other man walks through the streets and sees the woman with the buggy and puts the child in it and runs away aswell.While Chaplin tries to escape from the police man, he crosses the woman again. When the woman sees Chaplin, she chases him and hits him with her umbrella as she thinks that it was Chaplin who put the baby into the buggy. Chaplin takes the child again and sits down at the pavement. While he is trying to figure out what he should do now, he finds a letter in the baby's blanket.It says: "Please love and care for this orphan child."
We see Charlie Chaplin walking through a dirty street. While doing so a woman throws her trash out of the window and almost hits him. A few seconds and meters later, an unknown persons who we do not see, does the same and hits him. Charlie is obviously angry and lights a cigarette. Just seconds after that he finds a baby, covered in sheets laying on the ground. He wonders if it was also just thrown out of the window or to whom it belongs. As a woman with a baby carriage passes by he chases her and wants to put it back in there because he believes that she lost one of hers. The woman gets furious as it turns out not to be her child and he walks away with the orphan. Charlie seems to be unable to cope with the situation and tries to get rid of the baby. But as he puts it back to the place where he found it, a policeman catches him and he instantly picks it back up. Still trying to get rid of the baby, he gives it to an old man who can barely walk and runs away. But the old man comes up with the same idea as Charlie did, he puts the baby inside the buggy of the woman. Unfortunately she realizes that the orphan was put in her baby carriage the moment Charlie walks past. She chases him down, beats him up and makes him take the baby. He has no other choice than to do so because the policeman appears again. Frustrated by the situation, Charlie sits down on the curb and even thinks of throwing the orphan in the drain. A few moments later, after finding a letter which says "please love and care for this orphan child", his mood suddenly lights up and he feels responsible. At the end he walks away with the baby and disappears in a small side street.
A tall, slim and smoking man notices a baby on the floor of a small street. Worried for the baby he politely asks a lady with a buggy if she had dropped the baby. Feeling offended, the lady pushes the man away. When he tries to put the baby back to the floor, a policemen interrupts him and the man runs away with the baby on his arms, hands it over to an unknown person and runs away. As nobody seems to want the baby, it ends up back with the man who found it. Considering to kill the baby, he finally starts to care about the living person the baby is.
The man in the video walks down an alley, in which people throw trash out of their windows. He does not get hit by the trash from the first window but the second. He is annoyed by that and lights himself a cigarette. While smoking he found a baby and wanted to return it to a woman it did not belong to, which lead to a number of failed attempts to get rid of the baby. Turns out the baby was dropped off there with a note asking the finder to love and care for the baby. The last scene shows the main character with the baby sitting on a sidewalk.
Charles Chaplin walks down a street where he finds a baby on the ground. Not knowing who the baby belongs to he tries to search for anyone that might be related to the possibly lost child. Trying to give it to another mother or a random man on the street the baby finds its way back to him after each of these attempts. In the end he sits down with it hesitating if he should place it under a manshole cover. When he searches the baby for any information who it might belong to he finds a letter that says "Please love and care for that orphanage child". The last scene shows him hugging the child lovingly.
A man walks down an alleyway where garbage is thrown out of the windows and partly at him. He then lits himself a cigarette only to find a baby lying next to the trashcan. The man checks if there is anyone around whom the baby maybe belong to but hes not able to spot anyone until a woman with a baggy comes down the alley. With her having still space left in the baggy, the man assumes that the baby might belong to her and puts it in the baggy. The woman then refuses to take the baby, probably claiming its not her own.   While the man tries to bring the baby back to the place he found it, a police officer walks by and spots him  so the man stops his doing and continues walking. When he sees a man walking with a sick, he ask if he could hold the baby for him so he can tie his shoes. Being freed he rans off and leaves the baby and hides in the alley. The man with the stick tries to find him but instead discovers the abandoned baggy and places the baby inside. Meanwhile the man has to leave his cover because the police office is walking in his direction. He passes the baggy just when the Woman returns to her babby and notices the second baby. The woman rans after him and hits him with an Umbrella, and gets him to go back to the baggy but the man refuses to take the baby. But the woman sees the police officer walking down the streets and tries to make notice of the argument going on between her and the man. The man immediately picks up the baby and leaves the scene. He then sits down on the curb thinking about pushing the baby down the gutter but he doesnt. He spots a note claiming that the person who finds the baby hopefully loves and takes care for the baby.After a while he walks down the same alleyway he came from  still holding the baby.
In the movie clip Charles Chaplin is on a stroll when he finds a crying baby lying on the floor of a lonely alleyway. Chaplin is confused and when in that very same moment a mother pushing a stroller passes him, he connects the dots and assumes that she dropped the baby. The woman is indignant and tells Chaplin to take the baby back when he puts it into the stroller with her own baby. He goes to put the baby back in the spot where he found it but a police officer catches him in the act. Chaplin flees the scene with the baby in his arms and catches a man walking when he turns the corner. He hands the baby over to him under the pretence of tying his shoes but then he promptly runs away, leaving the baby behind. In his quest to get rid of the baby, the man finds the stroller from Chaplin's previous encounter and puts the baby inside while the mother is nowhere to be found. In a fate of bad luck, Chaplin passes that very same stroller and the mother, who has now returned, assumes that Chaplin put the baby back inside. She drags him to the stroller and makes him take the baby back again with the help of the police officer. Chaplin, who considers throwing the baby into the sewer for a short moment, sits down and finds a letter between the cloth the baby is wrapped up in. The note begs the reader to “love and care for this orphan child”. Chaplin seems to be touched by this and the music transitions into a happier melody when he finally smiles at the baby. The video ends with Chaplin leaving the scene with the baby in his arms.
In the short film "the Baby" by Charles Chaplin Mr Chaplin personified a young man who found a baby while taking a walk. The first person he met was a nanny of another Baby, who he thought, could be the nanny of the Baby he found too. She denied it in a not very friendly manner and forced him to take the Baby back. He then tried to lay the Baby back in the streets but while doing so he was interupted by a police officer. Shortly after he met an old man, who he kindly asked to hold the Baby for a minute, and ran off. Unfortunetaly the old man passed the Lady with the other Baby again and put the Baby in her stroller. She then recognized Charlie in the streets shortly after and, joined by the same police officer, who entered the scenery due to coincidence, Charlie had no choice but to take the Baby back. The film comes to a close when Charlie found a letter with the Baby saying that somebody please love the orphan child. The final scene of the film shows Charlie adopting the baby eventually.
The short video clip "The kid - the baby" is an excerpt of the comedy movie "The kid"  by Charles Chaplin, which was published in 1921. It deals with the issue of responsibility. The protagonist Charlie suddenly finds a baby in an absent corner beside some bins. He takes the baby and tries to hand it to several other people which he meets on the streets. As he does not know to whom the baby belongs, he hands it to several other passer-bys. For instance, Charlie tries to put the baby into a baby buggy of a woman, who reacts impulsive and aggressive. She hands the baby straight back to him. To conclude, he does not know where to take the baby, for all his tries to get rid of the newborn failed. Therefore he sits down with it and finds a small letter. In this letter it is written that the writer of it could not take care of the baby and hopes that somebody would take care instead. By this, the short clip ended.
While Chaplin is walking through a really dirty alleyway he is hit by some trash someone has thrown out of the window. After that he decides to take out a cigar and shortly after that he notices a baby just lying on the ground, which he decides to pick up. Making a logic conclusion he puts the baby in a baby buggy of some unknown mother, thinking it is her missing child because the buggy is build for two babies. It turns out the woman is not the mother of the child and angrily returns it to Chaplin. Without any options left he puts the baby back to the place he found it, but is forces to take it back because a policeman spotted him doing so. Chaplin, not wanting to take care of a random baby he found, simply hands it over to some old man on the street and runs away. The old man is not able to find Chaplin, and by pure coincidence puts the child in the same buggy Chaplin tried earlier. The policemans presence forces Chaplin to take the same way the old man did making him walk past by the buggy. The woman notices him and beats him up with her umbrella. Unwillingly taking back the baby he is unsure what to do with it but after finding a note of the mother inside the blankets the baby is covered in, he decides to take care of the child.
Chaplin is a smoker, who can't seem to take care of himself and always ends up having thrown rubbish on himself. He is wearing a suit and a hat, carrying a walking stick. The second time a person dropped rubbish on Chaplin trough the window, he was angry and started coursing at this person saying: 'Awkward ass'. After this he lit up his cigarette and walked on. Suddenly, he found a crying baby so he picked it up and put it into the pram of a woman that just walked by saying to her: 'Pardon me, you dropped something.', which shows that he is being polite and slightly rude at the same time as he is assuming that the baby belongs to the woman. The woman complained so Chaplin took the baby again and put it back to where he found it. What he didn't realize was that he has been watched by a policeman so Chaplin had to take the baby into his arms again. When another man, who was older than Chaplin, passed by, Chaplin gave him the baby and ran away. This man put the baby back into the woman's pram which stood outside a store. When the woman came out of the store and discovered the second baby in her pram she was annoyed and started to get angry. Chaplin walked by her and she couldn't help herself but attacking him as well as showing him why she did so. The policeman walked by and the woman complained to him about Chaplin who ended up carrying the baby with him again. Sitting down in the edge of the sidewalk beside a drain, he was thinking about dropping the baby there but hesitated as it was most likely to be the child's death sentence. Then he found a letter in between the child's clothes, which he began to read. It said: 'Please love and care for this orphan child'. Chaplin put the piece of paper into his chestpocket and looked at the baby. In the end, he got up and walked away with the baby carried safely in his arms.
Charlie Chaplin is walking down the street while smoking a cigarette. Suddenly bricks fell down on him from above, which turned his cigarette off. While lighting up a new cigarette, he discovers a baby beside a garbage can. He assumes that the baby belongs to a woman with a stroller, who walkes by in that moment. Consequently, he puts the baby inside the stroller but the woman gets angry and forces him to take the baby back. Afterwards, he tries to lay the baby back down beside the garbage can but a police officer happens to overlook the scene, forcing him to take the baby back into his arms. After noticing an elderly man walking by, he forcefully makes the man take the baby and walks away. The man coincidentelly discovers the same woman with the stroller from before and puts the baby into the stroller without the woman noticing. When Chaplin walks by again, the woman sees the baby in the stroller and angrily forces him to take the baby again under the watchfull eyes of the police officer. After shortly thinking about puting the baby into the drain channel, Chaplin gives up and discovers a letter inside the blanket in which the baby is wrapped up which notifies him that the baby is an orphan. Shortly after reading that Chaplin happily decides to keep the baby.
The silent movie starts with Chaplin walking along a run down house, where rocks fall out of a window. They nearly fall on top of him, but he sidesteps them and goes on walking til a second pile of rocks hit him. He seems disturbed and takes a break by getting an already half-lit cigarette from a box and starts smoking. During his smoke, Chaplin notices a Baby lying on the floor. As he picks it up, he sees a Woman walking behind him with a buggy and comes to the conclusion, that the baby must be hers. But as he puts the baby next to the one, who is already occupying the buggy, the mother is telling him, that the baby he found isn't hers. So he wants to put the baby back, where he found it, but a police officer walks by and stops him. Due to the officer, Chaplin runs away with the baby but cheekily tries to give it to a stranger. But soon the baby is back in Chaplins arms. First he seems a bit lost, what to do with the child, thinks About dropping it into the drain, but discovers a letter, where it sais to please love and care for the orphan child. After that Chaplin seems to have a change of heart and decides to keep the child. The movie Ends with the man, holding the baby in his arms, the baby walking away.
Charlie Chaplin is walking down a dirty alley while people are throwing their trash out of the window. As someone throws his trash right where he is standing, he pauses, lights a cigarette and recognize a baby to his left lying on the ground. Meanwhile a woman with a stroller walks by and Chaplin assumes that the baby belongs to her. He lays it down in the stroller but when the woman sees him she gets angry and tells him to take the baby back. He then takes the child again and wants to put it back to where he found it, but because a policeman is watching him he leaves with the baby in his arms. After that he walks by an old man and ask him to hold the baby as he wants to tie up his shoe. But he is just pretending and leaves without the baby. The old man then walks through the streets, looking for a way to get rid of the baby. He sees a stroller, put the baby in it and leaves as well. The stroller is the one belonging to the woman Chaplin met before. When she gets out of the store she gets upset because the baby is back with her. At the same time, Charlie Chaplin walks by and she then assumes that he is responsible for it again and hits him with an umbrella. The police man joins the situation and Chaplin better leaves with the baby because the woman accuses him. Without knowing what to do he sits down on the curb. While he is looking at the baby he finds a piece of paper that states that someone should please love and take care of the orphan. Touched by this he stands up and leaves, holding the baby in his arms.
At the beginning of this short video sequence, we see Charlie Chaplin walking down the street. After a few metres, he gets hit by bricks which seem to have been thrown down at him from someone in the house on the side of the street. Charlie Chaplin looks confused and tries to figure out who threw them at him. He then grabs a box with cigarettes and lights one with his show. While smoking, he takes closer looks at the surroundings and notices a baby on the ground, laying beside a garbage bin. Slowly, he approaches the bunch and looks at it, before taking it up and holding it in front of his face for closer inspection. He then searches for an opportunity to get rid of the baby and sees a woman with pram, which he then follows in order to lay down the baby in a moment when the woman does not pay attention to him. Unfortunately for him, she sees him and screams at him to take the child away. After that, Charlie Chaplin returns to the garbage bin and puts the baby back on the ground, when a police man appears behind him, urging him to take the baby back in his arms. Charlie Chaplin walks away and takes one last chance to get rid of the child when he gives it away to a beggar, before running away. The beggar looks confused, tries to follow him but can not manage to catch up. Instead, he passes the lady with the pram again, who again is not paying attention. The beggar puts the baby down in the pram, just like Charlie Chaplin did before, then walks away. At the same time when the lady enters the street again and discovers the second baby in the pram, Charlie Chaplin passes her. She confrontates him violently. At the end, Charlie Chaplin accepts the kid on his arm, sits down with it and reads a note that had been written for the person who finds it. "Please love and care for this orphan child", it says. Charlie Chaplin smiles, and walks away with the kid in his arms.
The Video shows a man who walks through the streets of a poor district. He also seems to be not very wealthy. In a corner he finds an abandonned infant and picks it up. A mother with a stroller passes by and the man assumes that the baby is hers. The mother however does not know the baby and does not accept it. The man seems confused and tries to get rid of the child. He tricks another man into holding it and walks away. Said man sees the stroller of the mother who is in a shop and puts the baby there. When the woman leaves the shop and realizes that a strange baby lies in her stroller. In the same moment the man who found the baby passes by and the mother forces him to take it back. Very desperate, he even thinks about throwing it into the sewers the man finds a note inside the babies clothes that say: "give love and care to this orphan baby". After reading it the man appears to be happy and walks away with the child.
Charles Chaplin as the protagonist of the story walks through a destroyed city. As he stops to light a cigarette he finds a baby. While inspecting the child he sees a woman with a baby carriage looking for something. He assumes that the child is her's and puts it in her stroller. But the woman is not the mother of the child so he takes the baby out again and puts it back in the spot where he found it. But an officer observes this and tells him to not leave his baby there. As he walks on with the baby he asks a stranger to hold it pretending to tie his laces and running away. The stranger sees the mother with her baby carriage and places the child in it again. As Charles Chaplin accidently walks by the mother assumes he did it again and knocks him down with her umbrella. As the officer arrives to see what the matter is, Charles is forced to take the baby with him again. He sits down on the sidewalk thinking what to do with the baby as he finds a note. It says to love and take care of the orphant which he does by taking the child home.
This clip from the silent film “The kid“ by Charlie Chaplin and starring Charlie Chapman, was released in 1921 and focuses on a man who happens to find a baby and has to figure out what to do with said baby.  <br/> The main character happens to come across an abandoned baby. As he sees a woman with a newborn walking by, the man assumes that the baby must be hers. However his assumption turns out to be wrong and he and the baby are sent away by the woman. After being caught in the process of leaving the child, where he found it, the main character tries to get rid of the baby one more time, by tricking a man into holding the baby and then proceeding to run away. But the main character ends up with the baby once again due to said man leaving it with the aforementioned women, who hands it back to him. When he finds out that the baby is an orphan he finally decides to accept his faith and keep the baby.
A man is walking along an empty street, he is smoking. An unseen person tosses trash out of the window, not minding the passersby underneath. When he eventually passes the window, he plays around with his walking stick before he is hit with more trash from another window. As it is a silent movie, the spoken text is shown in title cards, the first one says "Awkward ass." The man looks at the trash, the up towards the window and takes out a small box filled with cigars. To light one of them, he takes off his gloves and lights a match on the heel of his shoe. Then he throws his gloves away.  <br/> As he turns to the side, a baby is shown lying on the ground, seemingly abandoned. The man looks at the baby, then around as if he was searching for somebody responsible. When nobody is seen, he picks up the child. In the background, a woman appears from the left, pushing a stroller. The man attempts to get her attention and ends up following her to what seems to be her house. The stroller, which she left outside, is occupied by another child, older than the discovered baby, but the man wants to put the younger kid down nonetheless. When the woman re-appears, she is shocked, so the man tries to explain the situation by saying: "Pardon me, you dropped something." The woman does not seem to be happy about it and is shown yelling at the man, clearly indicating that this is not her child, so the man takes it with him once again. The woman storms off. <br/> Carrying the child back to the alley where he found it, the man wants to leave it there to be found by somebody else, but a police officers sees him doing it. When the man notices the officer, he promptly turns around once more, picks up the baby once more and leaves to the right side of the screen. <br/> A new alley is shown, with another man already walking along. The man walks up to him, stops, pretends that he has to tie his show laces and proceeds to hand him the child. He then runs off, leaving the baby to the stranger, but the new man follows. As the first man hides in a garage, the other one is looking for him, only to discover the stroller from before, still occupied by the other child. He puts the baby down, this time without the appearance of the mother. The man from the beginning, now child-less, dares to leave his hideout, only to run into the police man once more, so he quickly turns the other way. <br/> Meanwhile, the mother is shown, returning to her child where she finds the baby alongside it. However, as the man who actually placed it there has already left and the other man just happens to pass the stroller, she accuses him of leaving his child there. The accusation happens in the form of chasing him and hitting him with an umbrella, which causes the man to fall. She drags him back to the stroller, still hitting him as she does so. The police man comes out of an alley and notices the racket. The woman, still furious, explains the situation to him, which the man doesn't try to argue, so he only takes the baby and leaves the scene. As do the officer and the woman. <br/> In the next cut, the man standing on an empty sidewalk in front of a gutter. He sits down on the ground and opens said gutter. For a moment, he looks at the child, but then closes it again and only readjust his grip on the lump in his arms. for the first time, he looks at it more closely and discovers a small scrap of paper hidden in the folds of the blanket that is draped around the baby. "Please love and care for this orphan child," is written on the paper. The man puts the paper away and looks at the baby again, smiling this time. In the last shot, he leaves to the end of the scenery.
Walking through an alley, getting thrown at with various objects from windows, an annoyed Chaplin lights a chigarette next to some bins at the end of the alley. Laying there he finds a baby, wrapped in sheets with a scarf around their head. He picks it up and while looking at the baby a woman with a stroller walks past towards one of the entrances in the back of the alley. When Chaplin sees her, he tries giving back the baby, assuming she dropped it by accident. She demands him to take it out of the stroller, where he previously placed it. Chaplin does so, and brings the baby back to where he found it next to the bins. A police-officer observes the action and when Chaplin notices the officer, he quickly picks the baby off of the ground and into in his arms again and walks back through the alley, where he came from in the beginning. Around the corner a man is walking and Chaplin approaches him, gets him to hold the baby under the pretence of tying his shoelace and while the man is engrossed in looking at the baby, Chaplin flees back around the corner, abandoning child and man. The now confused man brings the baby to what I assume to be a shop, where he sees a child inside a stroller and places the baby inside it as well, before running away as Chaplin did before. A woman exits the doorway and sees the two children in the stroller, one of which is only hers, obviously. Just as she does, Chaplin walks past, she hurries after him, yelling at him while catching up. It is the same woman, that he already tried to give the child to before in the alley. She hits him multiple times with her umbrella and drags him back to the stroller, having him take the baby out again. He refuses, but when the same officer comes back and the woman tries to engage him in the argument, Chaplin takes the baby and leaves. He sits down on the curb with the child in his arms and contemplates dropping it in the sewer for a second. But he decides agains it. He takes away the sheets from the child’s neck and notices a piece of paper on which is written a plea to take care of the child, which apparently is orphaned. Taking another look at the child, Chaplin picks up his cane, holding the child and walks with it back through the alley he first came through.
Charly Chaplin is walking between a couple of houses when a man starts throwing debris from one of the upper story windows. Charly continues walking towards the viewer, smoking a cigarette when another incident like this extinguishes his cigarette. He insults the person responsible as an awkward ass and then proceeds to look for a new cigarette in his cigar box. Once he finds one he taps it onto the lid and then puts it in his mouth while getting a match from the pocket of his vest that he lights at the bottom of his shoe and then tosses into the near garbage bin. After that he also tosses his gloves.  <br/> He looks around and sees an abandoned infant wrapped in blankets lying on the ground next to the garbage bins. He looks around as to find out if one of the people from the upper stories know anything about said child. As he picks it up a woman with a pram walks by in the background. Charly follows her and as she enters a building and leaves the pram with her own child unattended he places the infant in it and attempts to walk away. However, she reacts quite furiously and tells him to take out the baby and then proceeds to walk off in the other direction.  <br/> Charly though places the infant back on the ground where he first found him only to realize that there is a police officer standing right behind him. He then quickly picks up the baby again and walks away. He meets another man and pretends to have stepped into something. He hands over the baby to said man in order to clean off his shoe but then quickly runs back the way he came, leavin the baby with the other man.  <br/> Charly hides in a shed and the other man while looking for him sees the lady's pram and puts the baby in it. When leaving his hiding spot Charly again encounters the police officer which makes him change direction. He walks past the pram and the woman who again recognizes him and runs after him, hitting him with her umbrella. They walk back to the pram just as the police officer walks past. She continues to tell the officer about the child that clearly isn't hers and Charly ends up taking the child and walking off. He sits down onto the curb of the road and opens the gully as if thinking about putting the baby in there. Instead of doing so he finds a letter hidden between the baby's blankets that reads "please love and care for this orphan child". He puts the letter into his pocket, hugs the child tighter, laughs at him and then walks away with the baby in his arms.
A man finds a baby and tries to give it to somone else. For example he tries to give it to a mother with a carriage, but she always catches him and forces him to take the baby back.The other tries do not succed either as the people always give the baby back to him. In the end he takes the baby and finds a letter in the clothing of the baby, in which someone asks the finder of the baby to care for it. Therefore the man decides to care for the baby and takes it with him.
A man, dressed in a sort of shabby-looking suit and rather large shoes, walks down the street while smoking. While walking, he gets something thrown on him twice. He then stops to light another cigarette and suddenly notices a newborn baby lying on the ground in a corner. He picks up the crying baby and tries to get rid of it by radomly placing it into the hands of other people he comes across. But somehow the unwanted baby always finds a way back to him. At the same time, a guard or police officer is suspiciously watching the events surrounding the man and the baby. In the end, the man sits down on the pavement and slowly starts to accept his fate and duty to take care of the baby. He then takes a closer look at the baby and finds a note attached to its clothes in which it is revealed that the baby is an orphan.
