In the video the famous actor Charlie Chaplin walks down a alley, while people throw things, such as bricks out of their window and hit him. Afterwards Chaplin lights a cigarette and smokes, until he sees a baby lying on the floor. While he tries to find the parents of the baby, he gets admonished by a woman with a baby buggy and two police officers. Finally, he ends up finding a note in the blanket of the baby, in which the finder of the baby is asked to take care of it. Chaplin takes the baby, walks away and the video ends.
The sequence "The kid/The baby" from Charles Chaplin shows Chapling walking down a dirty street, perhaps close to a building site. Stones fall down from the rooftops and almost hit Chapling. While he grumbles about the falling rubble he sees a baby covered in blankets lying in a dirty corner. Chaplin recognizes a woman carrying a pram and assumes that the baby is hers. When Chaplin tries to put the baby back into the pram, the woman gets angry and curses at Chaplin. Cunfused, Chaplin puts the baby back into the corner, where a police officer watches him and gets Chaplin in trouble. While running away from the police officer, Chaplin places the baby in the arms of an old man, who gets confused and looks for the place where the baby might come from. The old man finds the woman with the pram, places the baby inside the pram and disappears.At this moment Chaplin arrives at the place where the woman with the pram stands. The woman blames Chaplin again, who takes the baby out of the Pram and runs away. He sits down at the kerb and thinks about what to do with the child. While he weights up whether to put the baby into the sewers, he finds a letter, whch says "Please love and care for this orphaned child". Smilingly, Chaplin puts the letter inside the pocket of his coat and leaves with the baby in his arms.
Charlie Chaplin's Film deals with a foundling which he notices laying on the street and his struggle to seek out a place where he could leave the child without feeling guilty. Since his attempts of leaving the baby in another woman's stroller remain unsuccessful and the idea of giving the baby to strangers turns out the same way, he gets used to keeping the baby. As he finds a note in the baby's clothes which bid the person finding the child to love it and care for it, it seems like Chaplin decides to do so.
In the video "The kid" Charlie Chaplin is walking through the dusty streets of a district. When he passes the houses he is always hit by objects that somebody throws out of the window. After a while he reaches a place of dustbins where there is no risk of falling items anymore. When he calmly smokes a cigarette he notices a bundle of clothes behind one of the containers. Charlie Chaplin soon finds out that there is a baby inside the bundle. At first, he assumes the baby fell out of a window, then he sees a mother with a child in a pushchair and thinks that this woman could have dropped the other baby. However, he tries to get the woman's attention in vain. That's why Charlie Chaplin simply puts the baby into the lady's pushchair. When the woman finds out that there is another baby in her child's pushchair she becomes very angry and insistes Charlie Chaplin to fetch back the baby. When Charlie Chaplin decides to put the baby back where he had found it he is caught by a policeman. In his next attempt to get rid of the baby Charlie Chaplin tries to give the little child to a man, who carries a walking stick. <br/> The man does not want to be responsible for the baby and puts it again into the woman's pushchair. When the lady discovers that the strange baby is back in her child's pushchair she is very furious, chases Charlie Chaplin, hits him with her umbrella and forces him to fetch back the baby. Eventually, Charlie Chaplin feels so overwhelmed with his duty to care for the child that he considers to throw it into gully. When he discovers a note into the baby's bundle that begs the finder to lovingly care for this orphan Charlie Chaplin changes his opinion and decides to look after the child.
At the beginning of the video, the protagonist Charlie Chaplin finds a baby on the street by chance. Since he doesn't know what to do with the child, he tries to get rid of the kid, first by putting it into a somebody else's pram, maybe assuming that the child belongs to this woman, who, however, chases them away angrily. When Charlie wants to put the child back to where he found it, a police officer watches him, thinking that Charlie wants to abandon the child. After that Charlie takes off, together with the kid. He meets a passer-by, slipping the child into the passer-by's hand, before taking off again. The man who's got the child now unknowingly puts it into the same pram as Charlie did before. When the woman realizes that the unknown child is back again in her pram, she immediately thinks of Charlie who passes the street at that very moment. After getting beaten up by that lady and while argueing the police officer walks over and Charlie sees himself forced to take the child with him one more time. Then, he sits down on the roadside. When he notices a drain right next to him, he considers to throw the kid into it for a second but he decides not to do it. Shortly after, he finds a note in the child's cloth, saying that this child is an orphan that needs to be taken care of and that needs to be loved.
In the video, Charly Chaplin finds a baby lying in the street. It seems that the baby was abandoned by its parents. Charly looks around and tries to find the parents but he does not find them. After a short while he loses interesst in the baby and wants to get rid of it. At first he sees a woman with a perambulator with a child in it. When the woman looks away he tries to sneak his baby inside the perambulator but the woman catches him and chases him off. Then Charly tries to put the baby where he found it and walk away but there is a police officer that prevents him from doing that. After that Charly gives the baby to a man that is walking by. The man, while being in total confusion, runs after him. Charly hides behind a wall and the man sees the perambulator of the woman earlier. He droppes the baby there and walks away. After a short while the woman comes back and gets angry when she sees the strange baby in her perambulator again. <br/> In the meantime, Charly walks by, happy to got short of his little problem. The woman regonices him and forces him to take the baby back. <br/> Charly, now being completely devastated sits down with the baby in his arms. He examines the baby and finds a note. The note says: "Please love and care for this orphan child". Charly now realises that the child has no one but him in the world and decides to keep the baby for now.
The movie clip "The kid- The Baby" is a panchromatic silent film with an comedic instrumental soundtrack in the background.  <br/>  <br/> The clip starts with showing a young man, dressed in a suit and a hat,  walking down a street in a comical way. He stops and opens a little box that seems to contain half-smocked cigares and cigarettes. In the following, the man uses a match to lighten a cigar, before starting to smoke it. All of his gestures are exaggerated, which adds to the all in all comedic feeling of the video.  <br/> Suddenly, he turns around and finds an infant, who is swaddled in a blanket beneath a trashcan. The man picks the baby up and looks around and up into the sky, seemingly wondering where the baby came from. He sees a woman with a baby in a stroller passing by and places the found infant in her stroller, telling her that she has dropped something. Meanwhile, the woman, starts shouting  and arguing. Devastated, the man takes the baby out of the stroller and the now angry woman walks of with her child. <br/> In the next scene, the man tries to lay the baby down next to the trashcan, where he has found it earlier, when a police officer passes by and sees it. Probably thinking the man just tries to get rid of his baby, he scolds him. The man leaves quickly with the baby.  <br/> In the following scene the man finds an old man, walking slowly with the help of a walking cane. He gestures at the eldery man to hold the baby, while he acts as if he is tying his shoe laces, before quickly running off.  <br/> The man, followed by the eldery man,  runs away and finally hides in a big container. The eldery man cannot find him and is left with the baby, until he sees another baby in a stroller in front of a store. He quickly drops of the baby and walks away. In this moment, the police officer is passing by.  <br/> When a woman exits the store it is visible that it is the same woman that appeared earlier in the clip. She sees the young man passing by and starts attacking him, thinking that he placed the baby into her stroller again.  <br/> The police officer notices the argument and stops by. After the women explained the situation the young man quickly picks up the baby again.  <br/>  <br/> Finally, he sits down with the baby in his arms. Underneath him, there is an utility hole. He debates throwing the baby away, when suddenly he finds a note in the baby's swaddle. The note says "Please love and care for this orphan child".  <br/>  <br/> In the last scene the man looks at the baby and stands up, finally accepting his fate.
In the short Video, there is a man who smoking and walking down a street. Then he finds a baby, which is lying on the ground. The man takes the baby and starts to look for the mother. Shortly after that, he finds a Woman who is Looking for her second baby. That is why the man thinks, the baby on his arms is the one the woman is looking for and therefore he puts the baby into the pushchair. The Woman sees that and is getting Angry, because it is not her child. After that, the man tries to get rid of the baby unsuccessfully. In the end, the man finds a note saying that the baby is an orphan child. It seems like that is the moment he decides to take the baby home.
At first you see Charlie walking down a street where he gets hit by some sort of rubbish. He then starts smoking and is throwing away his gloves. After doing that he is getting aware of the crying baby laying on the street and picks it up. A woman with a stroller walks past him and Charlie assumes, the baby he found must be hers. The woman is in rage and claims, that the baby is not hers. Charlie picks up the baby out of the stroller and leaves. He wants to put the baby next to the trash cans where he found it but a police officer comes by and Charlie picks the baby up again and leaves the street corner. He is walking down another street past an old man. He pretends to deal with his shoe laces, forcing the baby on the old man and is then running away. The old man is following him und he sees a stroller, which is the stoller of the woman Charlie met before.  <br/> In the next scene Charlie is stepping out is hiding place and promptly bumbs into the police officer. He quickly turns around and walks down the street, past the stroller with the lost baby. The woman sees the baby and is running after Charlie. She hits him with her umbrella and is dragging him back to the stroller. They have an argument until the police officer appears. Charlie takes the baby back and sits down with him on the kerb. He thinks about dropping it down a drainbut is deciding against it. He finds a piece of paper in the baby's clothing on which is written, that the orphan baby shall be loved and cared for. Charlie then walks away with the baby.
The sequence from Chaplin's film "The Kid" starts with Chaplin walking around what appears to be a backstreet in an industrial area. After ligthing up a cigar he spots a baby on the ground. He picks it up just when a mother with a pram passes by and appears to be looking for something. Chaplin, in good intent, thinks the kid belongs to her and puts it into the pram, only to find out that the baby is not affiliated with the woman. He then picks it up once again but soon finds himself wanting to leave the baby behind. In order to to that he hands the baby a passer who, in turn, seeks to get rid of the unwanted "gift". He then, just like Chaplin, discovers the pram of the woman, to drop the kid off and walk away quickly. As Chaplin walks by the woman by accident, she beats him up and insits on him taking the baby with him. At the end Chaplin finds a note attached to the kid's clothes that asks for the finder to provide love and a good home for the baby which is an orphan.
The video commences with a man, supposingly Charles Chaplin, if the title is taken into consideration, who walks down an alley. He walks by a house as someone from the first floor throws out several items. Close to some barrels at the end of the alley he stops and lights himself a cigarette. Looking to the side, he sees a baby laying next to one of the barrels. He advances towards the small human being and lifts it up. In the very same moment a woman walks by pushing a child's pushchair in front of her. He runs after her, however, before being able to reach her, the woman enters the building in the alley from which the items where thrown. Carles Chaplin then puts the baby into the pushchair. Meanwhile, the woman exits the house and observes Chaplin's action. Angrily, she approaches him, and the only thing that the recipient can see is a black screen with the words: "Pardon me, you've dropped something". The woman steams up and furiously says something that cannot be heard. Chaplin then almost takes the wrong baby out of the pushchair. However, he is reminded by the woman that he took the wrong human being. He puts it back, takes the baby that he found next to the barrels and walks away. The barrels is the place where he goes to next, to return the baby. A police man appears, stops with a stern look on his face and Charles Chaplin takes the small creature back into his arms and followingly he is seen in a different street. Here, another man with a walking aid can be perceived. Chaplin puts the baby into the man's arms and runs away. Carrying th baby, the man follows him. However, Chaplin manages to hide in a shed. The man who carries the baby runs onto the main street where he sees th pushchair next to a shop, puts the baby in and walks away. Chaplin advances out of the shed, walks onto the main street, passes the pushchair and in that very moment the woman comes out of the store, notices Charles Chaplin, runs after him, beats him up with her umbrella until he accords to go back to the pushchair and takes the baby. He walks a few meters, sits down at a sidewalk next to a manhole cover and perceives it. He then is thinking about dropping the baby into the manhole cover opening. However, he finds a note in the baby's clothing that states:"Please love and care for the orphan child" He puts the note into his pocket, makes a loving gesture towards the child, smiles, stands up and walks away. This is where the video ends.
A man walks down a street, while accidentally getting thrown some dirt on him. Afterwards he finds a baby lying on the street and takes it with him. A woman with a baby carriage passes by and he puts the baby in it. The woman is angry, because it is not her child. He has to take it back and wants to get rid of it, so he puts it  back on the street where he found it, but a police officer walks by. Therefore the man has to take the baby again with him. He tries to trick an old man to hold the baby while he is pretending to tie his shoes and then runs away. The old man again puts the baby into the baby carriage of the same woman and walks away. The woman is again forcing the man (who picked up the baby in the first place) to take it back, as he is just accidentally passing by again. The man is now sitting down on the street with the baby in his arms and finds a letter within the cloths of the baby. The letter tells him to take good care of this orphan child and so he finally decides to do so.
While walking down an alley, where trash is thrown out of the windows Chaplin gets to find a baby. The baby seems abandoned and Chaplin tries to find it's mother nearby. His Journey didn't seem to take long as he found a stroller close to where he found the baby (next to some trash bins). But the seem-so mother wasn't the mother of the baby, so Chaplin gets mocked away with his discovery. After that Chaplin tries to put the baby back where he found it, but is seen by a police officer, that urges him to take back "his" baby. Chaplin tries to get rid of the baby a couple of times more until he sits down on the side walk and starts fiddling in the babys blanket. In the blanket Chaplin finds a letter saying "love and take care of this poor orphan" or something similar to that. The scene ends with Chaplin smiling with joy at the babys face.
In the video you will see Charlie Chaplin being hit with some garbage. Afterwards he will find an orphan baby and tries to get rid of it while encountering several persons yet without success. First you will see him try to give the kid to a woman with another child though she seems very unpleased. Also when he is trying to set it back onto the ground he will encounter an policeman preventing him from that. Afterwards he gives the baby to an man who seems to have trouble walking. This man puts the baby back into the cart of the woman from the beginning which will identify Cahrlie Chaplin as the culprit and punishes him aswell as giving him the kid back.
In a rather trash-filled ally, were people do not care about the waste and trash they are throwing out of the window on the streets, the Tramp, played by actor Charles Chaplin is taking a walk. A few moments later he finds a little baby, wrapped in blankets laying on the ground in a little corner. Chaplin looks up to the balcony which causes for comedic effect. He seems to think that someone had thrown out their child, just like they are throwing out trash out of the balcony. He immediatly takes the baby and tries to find it's mother or father. He tries to find someone he can give the baby to. After seeing a woman with a stroller, he assumes that the baby belongs to the woman eventhough there was already a baby in the stroller. He carefully places the child in the stroller and tries to get out of the situation as politely as possible. He even says: ''you dropped something'' and is tipping his head, like he has done something admirable. But the woman is not accepting that child and gives the baby back to Chaplin. His second idea is to simply place the baby back to where he found it. On the street, right next to a trash can. This plan is quickly interrupted by the police officer passing by. He is not asking why Chaplin is trying to put the baby there, he simply gives him a look and Chaplin takes the baby and goes away. His third plan is to give the baby to a man he sees on the street. He told the man that he has to tie his shoe and as soon as the man takes the child, Chaplin runs away. The man, holding the baby in his arms sees the woman with the stroller and, like Chaplin just places the baby in the stroller and runs away. Chaplin is passing by that woman a moment later and she immediatly recognizes him and is furious. She even smacks him on his head and gives him back the baby. In that moment, the tramp was visibly desperate. He did not know what to do with the baby so he just sat on the sidewalk. Unwrapping the child a little bit, he discovers a note that says ''love this orphan child''. After that he gives the baby a little hug, gets up and goes his own way. He is not looking for anyone he can give the baby anymore. He is taking it with him.
Chaplin is walking through a city. After lighting a cigarette for himself, he discovers a baby, neglected, lying against a wall. He picks up the baby, wanting to go looking for its parent, when a woman with a baby stroller comes walking by. Chaplin catches up to the stroller, but the woman has temporarily left. He places the baby inside, when suddenly the woman emerges again, claiming it is not her baby and he should take it back. The woman walks away and Chaplin returns to the point where he originally found the small child. He places the baby back on the ground, when a police man appears behind him, observing this. Immediately, Chaplin takes the baby and walks off. He comes upon an old man, with a walking stick. Under the pretense that Chaplin has to tie his shoelaces, he gives the man the baby. Instead of taking it back, Chaplin runs away. He hides from the old man. The old man comes looking for him and finds a baby stroller. Here he puts the baby and walks away. Chaplin emerges from his hideout. He walks by the baby stroller and is spotted by the woman, who, upon realizing the baby is once again in her stroller, proceeds to beat Chaplin with her umbrella. The police man notices the two arguing and approaches. Chaplin once again decides to pick up the baby. He walks away and sits down on the side of the road. For a split second, he considers dropping the baby down the drain, but does not. He finds a bit of paper underneath the child's clothes. It reads "Please love and care for this orphan child." Chaplin's attitude changes, and with joy in his step, he walks off, together with the baby in his arms.
Charles Chaplin finds an abandoned baby in an alley. He picks it up and puts it in the buggy of a woman nearby. She realizes his action and hands him back the baby. Subsequently Chaplin puts back the baby where he found it but is observed by a police officer. Realizing he cannot leave the baby there he takes it and walks the streets carrying it in his arms. He then asks a man to hold the baby for a minute so he can tie his shoe. After the man took the child from him, Chaplin runs away and hides. The man tries to find him but fails. Thus, he places the baby in the buggy of the same lady Chaplin placed it in before. The lady discovers the child at the exact same moment Chaplin, who came out of his hideout, walks by. She recognizes him and hits him with her umbrella and makes him pick up the baby with help of the police officer. Chaplin then sits down on the curb and thinks about throwing the baby in the drain. However, he decides not to and discovers a letter hidden under the baby's blanket. The letter says that the child is an orphan and its finder should love the child and take care of it. After reading the letter, he smiles and takes the child with him.
At first, you can see Charles Chaplin walking down an alley while somebody is throwing (probably bricks or similar) out of a window. Charles has to move out of the way to not get hit. He continues walking while he's havin a smoke. He then gets hit by somebody else throwing out bricks. He dusts himself off and lights another cigarette. Afterwards he finds a baby laying on the floor which he wants to give to a woman who is strolling by with a trolley but it appears that it's not her kid. Charles takes the kid and wants to put it back where he found it. But a police officer walks by and gives him a warning look. Charles then picks the baby back up and continues walking. He passes an older gentleman, puts the baby in his arms and runs away to hide. The old man sees the trolley and puts the baby into it without the woman noticing and walks off. Next thing you see is Charles coming out of his hiding place. He walks past the woman who sees the baby back in her trolley and follows Charles and calls the police officer. Charles then takes the baby and continues his journey. He sits down and seems to think. He then finds a note in the baby's pocket which reads: Please love and care for this orphan child. He smiles at the baby and walks off the scene with the kid in his arms.
The video starts with Charles Chaplin walking past a construction site, on his way he dodges rubble thrown out of the window by the workers. He proceeds on his way smoking a cigarette when suddenly a pile of rubble falls down on him from above. Seemingly annoyed he looks for another cigarette as his previous one fell on the floor with the rubble. Before he starts to continue walking he spots a baby on the side of a building, he acts confused and it seems as he were looking for the child's parents. He then sees a woman walking by with a buggy. The woman leaves the buggy standing by the side of a building to go inside, Charles Chaplin uses the time to put the child he found in the buggy next to the woman's but she caught him in the act and asks him angrily to remove the second child from the buggy. He now looks for other ways to get rid of the child, at first, he tries to put it back where he found it but a policeman sees it, afterwards he hands it to another man he sees walking around. Said man now looks for a place for the child in Charles Chaplin's place, sees the woman's unattended buggy and places the child in it. Mr. Chaplin, now happy that he does no longer have to look after the child, walks past the building next to which the buggy still stands. The woman comes back to the buggy and sees the second, unwanted child. She wonders where it came from and sees Charles Chaplin. She runs after him and beats him up with her umbrella, forcing him to take back the child. Mr. Chaplin walks away with the child and sits down on the kerb. He sees a sewer next to him and thinks about dropping the child in it. He does not seem very convinced of this idea though, so he takes a closer look at the child. Doing that, he finds a letter saying, "Please love and care for this orphan child". The letter moves him and changes his attitude towards the child immediately, he starts to smile and walks away happily with the child in his arm.
Chaplin finds a baby near a trash can and when he tries to detect a mother or father, or family for that matter, but finds no one but a woman passing by with a stroller for her own baby, he interprets the baby to be hers and to have "dropped it". He proceeds to place the baby into the stroller when the woman becomes mad and demands for him to take it back out, which Chaplin does. He then puts the baby back where he found it just when a police officer walks by. Upon seeing the other man, Chaplin picks up the baby immediately and leaves. Walking around with the baby, he finds an old man whom he gives the baby under the impression of having to lace his shoes, when suddenly he runs away. The old man, certainly as unbothered by the small child, happens to run into the stroller of the woman as well, placing the baby into it then and walking away from the scene. Chaplin meanwhile unintentionally runs into the woman and the stroller again, who becomes mad at an instant and demands him to take out "his" baby. The police officer happens to stand close by. Realizing this, Chaplin takes the baby and leaves. In the next scene, Chaplin sits down, looking defeated, the child in his arms. He finds a letter of a simple request: to take care of the orphan and to love it. Chaplin smiles at the child and walks off with it.
The Chaplin Video shows Charles Chaplin who walks across a place between buildings. Suddenly, he gets hit by several stones or trash someone seems to have thrown towards him. After that, he lights a cigarette and discovers a baby lying on the floor. He decides to take the crying baby and put it into the stroller of a woman with another child. The woman gets angry, so Chaplin takes the baby back to the place where he found it. A police officer appears and watches him curiously. Chaplin has no other choice but to take the baby again in his arms and to walk around the corner. When he sees a man walking around, he attempts to hand the baby over to him and to escape. The man follows Chaplin angrily and puts it into the stroller of the mother and disappears quickly. When the mother realizes that the baby sits in her stroller for the second time, she beats Chaplin with her umbrella as he walks by. The police officer appears again, so Chaplin has - again - no other choice but to take the baby with him. So he sits down on the floor and thinks about how to handle this situation. Suddenly he finds a note between the sheets of the baby's clothes. The note says: "Please love and care for this orphan child". Chaplin smileys and leaves together with the baby.
In this short movie Charlie Chaplin walks along a street when suddenly garbage is thrown next to him from an upper window. He seems annoyed and lights a cigarette. When smoking, he discovers that an infant baby is lying on the ground near him. He picks it up and tries to sneak it into the buggy of a woman that is walking by him. She spots his attempt and tells him that he dropped something, so he takes the baby again. Chaplin then tries to put it back at the place where he found the baby, but a policemen witnesses him doing so, which leads to Chaplin picking up the baby again. Afterwards he tricks an old man into holding the baby and runs away. The old man then puts the baby into the buggy of the woman that walked by Chaplin earlier on. She discovers the infant in her buggy while Chaplin is strolling by and beats Chaplin up with her umbrella. He then takes the baby again and sits down with it by the sidewalk. He finds a letter inside the blanket of the baby which says that it is an orphan child. After understanding the situation of the baby he smiles at it and walks away while holding it in his arms.
Charlie Chaplin's character finds a baby in an alley next to a trash can. After numerous attempts to get rid of the baby, and even after a short moment where he's thinking about throwing it into a manhole, he decides to take care of the baby himself. In the beginning of the video he almost gets crushed by downfalling bricks, because the alley is next to a construction site. The baby has a note on it that says: "Please love and care for this orphened child".
The clip taken from a Charles Chaplin movie starts off with Charles Chaplin walking slowly through the streets until he barely avoids litter that is being dumped down from a window above. After this he notices a baby abandoned in the streets and picks it up with the intention to find the mother. After several attempts of trying to get rid of the baby, he finally gives up and finds himself sitting on the sidewalk with the baby in hand. After a short time, he sees a note left behind in the bundle around the newborn asking the finder to take care of it which he decides to do.
Charlie Chaplin walks down a dusty and dirty street. Construction workers throw their rubble carelessly out of the windows, hitting Charlie with it, who loses his cigar. After he has lit another cigaret, he notices a newborn, laying on the ground, next to some rubbish. He picks it up and looks around, trying to figure out where it came from or who it might belong to. A woman with a pram appears. While she leaves it unsupervised for a moment, Charlie puts the baby in it, thinking he has found the mother. The woman, however, notices him and is scandalized, for this child is not hers. Charlie quickly takes the baby, and walks back to the spot where he has found it. His plan, to put the newborn back to where he found it, fails, as a police officer walks by and sees him. Charlie quickly walks away and fools an elderly man to think, he needs to tie his shoe, and gives him the baby. He then runs away. The man is not as fast as him, for he limps, and loses Charlie out of sight. He passes the pram of the woman, though, and puts the baby in it. When the woman returns to her pram, finding the child in it again, Charlie happens to pass by. Of course, she thinks that he left the baby there, again. As furious as she is, she runs after him, beats him with her umbrella, and drags him back to the pram. Charlie wants to explain himself, but the officer notices them, and so, Charlie takes the baby. He sits down on the curb and finds a piece of paper in the baby's clothes. Learning that it is an orphan and needs someone to love and take care of it, he holds it close to him and decides that he will not abandon it.
Charlie Chaplin walks down a dusty and dirty street. Construction workers throw their rubble carelessly out of the windows, hitting Charlie with it, who loses his cigar. After he has lit another cigaret, he notices a newborn, laying on the ground, next to some rubbish. He picks it up and looks around, trying to figure out where it came from or who it might belong to. A woman with a pram appears. While she leaves it unsupervised for a moment, Charlie puts the baby in it, thinking he has found the mother. The woman, however, notices him and is scandalized, for this child is not hers. Charlie quickly takes the baby, and walks back to the spot where he has found it. His plan, to put the newborn back to where he found it, fails, as a police officer walks by and sees him. Charlie quickly walks away and fools an elderly man to think, he needs to tie his shoe, and gives him the baby. He then runs away. The man is not as fast as him, for he limps, and loses Charlie out of sight. He passes the pram of the woman, though, and puts the baby in it. When the woman returns to her pram, finding the child in it again, Charlie happens to pass by. Of course, she thinks that he left the baby there, again. As furious as she is, she runs after him, beats him with her umbrella, and drags him back to the pram. Charlie wants to explain himself, but the officer notices them, and so, Charlie takes the baby. He sits down on the curb and finds a piece of paper in the baby's clothes. Learning that it is an orphan and needs someone to love and take care of it, he holds it close to him and decides that he will not abandon it.
In the video you can see Charlie Chaplin casually walking down a street, smoking a cigarette. Almost being hit by an object which appears to be a brick, that a lady has thrown out of a window located right above his head, he has to take a step to the side. He keeps on walking and only a few seconds later he actually does get hit by another item that has been thrown out of the window. It is not easy to tell what the aforementioned object is but it looks like a bundle of branches and leaves. A little text pops up saying 'awkward ass'. Chaplin looks up to the window and then takes a box of cigarettes and cigars out of his jacket's inside pocket. He eventually takes out a cigarette and lights it after having taken off his leather gloves. He discards the taken off gloves and he discovers a baby lying in the corner of the street, wrapped in a blanket, screaming. Chaplin looks up in confusion assuming that the baby has been dropped out of a window as well and he picks it up. With the baby in his arms he struts to a lady's pushchair, which already has one child in it, and he carefully puts the new found infant in it too. Another text pops up saying 'Pardon me! You dropped something'. The woman, who did not see Chaplin at first, now spots him and furiously starts an argument. As a consequence, Chaplin now takes back the child and attempts to put it back to the place where he found it in the first place. However, this was prevented by a policeman looking at him strictly. Chaplin gives him an apologising look and picks up the baby again. He marches around the corner with the baby in his hands and sees an old man with a walking stick. Chaplin asks the man to hold the baby so that he could tie his shoelaces. He bends down but when the man did not look, Chaplin hurries away with the old man following him. Having lost sight of Chaplin, the elderly man finds the pushchair and places the baby in it, just like Chaplin attempted to do it earlier in the video. Leaving his hiding place, Chaplin encounters the police officer again and changes his direction to not have to pass him. Now the woman sees the second baby lying in the pushchair again and looks around trying to find the person being guilty of this. Coincidentally Chaplin walks past the lady in this exact moment and the women, recognising Chaplin from the earlier incident, knocks him down with her umbrella. After a heated discussion between these two, the police officer joins them but he remains silent. Finally, Chaplin takes the baby again and sits down with it on the pavement. He thinks about throwing the baby into the sewers but then reconsiders. In the end he finds a note that has been attached to the baby's blanket saying 'please love and care for this orphan child'. Looking at the baby's complexion, he smiles and leaves taking the baby with him.
A man with a dark suit and a dark hat walks down a narrow little road while smoking some kind of cigaret. Near a dumpster, he finds and picks up a little baby. In the background of that scene, a woman is pushing a buggy. The man puts the parentless baby into that buggy which causes a discussion with the woman who wants the man to take the baby out of her buggy. He subsequently puts the baby back to the place where he found it, but this action was seen by a police officer, so that the man picks the baby back up again - only to giving it to an older man and instantly running away. The older man now puts the baby into the buggy of the aforementioned woman and runs away too. When she discovers the baby, the man that originally found the baby is walking past her. She runs after him, strikes him down from behind and calls him out until the police officer arrives. As a result, the man picks up the baby yet another time. He thinks about throwing it into a gully, but he decides not to. That is when he finds a slip of paper saying "Please love and care for this orphan child". After reading it, the man stands up from the curbstone and, with the little child in his hands, walks down a narrow road into the background until the video ends.
The given excerpt from a Charlie Chaplin movie begins with Chaplin walking down an alley. Unidentifiable materials are being thrown out of the windows of the houses on both sides of the alley causing Chaplinˋs mood to darken. As he comes to a stop lighting himself a cigarette, Chaplin sees a baby wrapped in blankets lying on the ground. He picks it up carefully and decides to place it in a baby carriage of a woman standing nearby. As he makes an attempt to do so, telling the woman that she dropped something, the woman gets angry. Chaplin picks the baby up reluctantly and puts it exactly in the same place he found it. A police officer approaching behind Chaplin causes him to pick the baby up once more. On his way through the alleys he gives the foundling to an old man quickly running away. By chance, the old man places the baby in the same baby carriage in which Chaplin had already put it. As the owner comes out of the shop before which the baby carriage had stood unobserved, she sees the baby. Chaplin who walks by that moment is persuaded by the woman and the approaching police officer to take the baby with him a last time. Defeated in his trys to hand over the baby to someone else Chaplin sits down on the sidewalk. A short moment he thinks about putting the baby into the drain. Followed by his decision not to do so, Chaplin finds a note hidden in the babyˋs blankets asking the finder to care for the orphan child. Chaplin walks away cradling the baby gently.
Charlie Chaplin walks down a narrow street and gets hit by the dirt that is thrown out of the window by the inhabitants of the houses. Angered by the incident he lights a cigarette. While smoking he finds an abandoned baby beside some dustbins. He picks it up and follows a passing woman with a stroller. He puts the baby in her stroller while commenting that she must have lost it. She argues and threatens him, so he picks up the baby and leaves. He wants to put the child back to where he found it, but a police officer follows him, so Chaplin does not dare to leave the child there. He passes an old man on the street and tricks him into taking the child. The old man puts the baby into a stroller standing outside a shop. The moment Chaplin passes by the stroller, the woman comes out again and notices the second child. The police officer reappears, so the woman accuses Chaplin. He takes the child and sits down at the roadside. He finds a piece of paper attached to the child, that asks the person who finds the orphan child to take care of it. Chaplin smiles at the baby and leaves with it.
The sequence from Charlie Chaplin begins in a run-down neighbourhood where things are dropped out of windows and (nearly) hit Charlie a number of times. Suddenly, after lighting a cigarette, Charlie finds a baby at the side of the road. After some confusion, he decides to put it in the pushchair of a women, assuming she 'dropped' the baby. But she didn't and makes him take it back. Charlie's next idea is to just put it back where he found it, but a policeman catches him in the act, which makes Charlie take it back into his arms and walk off. Fooling an old man, he then manages to leave the baby in said man's arms, hiding from him until he thinks it's safe to come out. The old man has the same idea as Charlie originally and drops the baby in the pushchair. Upon leaving his hiding spot, he encounters the policeman again This makes him change directions quickly. By chance, he walks past the women and her pushchair again, thus making her believe he dropped the baby in there and so she beats him with her umbrella. The policeman makes another appearance and Charlie is yet again forced to take back the baby. Dropping his cane on the sidewalk, he sits down on the curb to retrieve it. He is wondering for a moment whether he should drop the baby down the drain, but quickly decides against it. Instead, he finds a piece of paper with the words "please love and care for this orphan child" written on it. This seems to make him sentimental. He cuddles the child close to his chest and walks off.
The short film starts with Charlie Chaplin walking down an alleyway. From an around four meter high window someone throws out his trash which nearly hits Chaplin. After hesitating for just a second, Chaplin proceeds on his way until he is hit by trash from another window further down the alleyway which knocks a cigarette out of his mouth. The text "Awkward ass" appears on the screen, as Chaplin looks above him and shortly after he searches his cigarette case for a new one. Chaplin pulls one out, sticks it in his mouth and then pulls out a match which he lights on his shoe. After taking the first hit of his cigarette, Chaplin notices a newborn to his left next to whats looks like a trashcan of some sort. He then inspects it for a couple of seconds and takes a look around him before picking the newborn up. A lady with a stroller walks past him and he shouts after her, before laying the baby into the stroller. Another text pops up, saying: "Pardon me, you dropped something". Chaplin points at the baby as he walks away but the lady insists that the baby is not hers. After picking up the wrong child at first, Chaplin is corrected by the lady and picks up the baby he found earlier and leaves the now certainly angry lady. He returns the baby to the place he found it, not noticing the police officer standing behind him. Chaplin then turns around, notices the police officer and quickly picks the baby up again, walking around the corner where a man with visible physical problems walks down the street. The man is handed the baby by Chaplin under the excuse of tieing his shoelaces, before he quickly runs away. The old man tries to chase Chaplin, who quickly hid behind a corner. After a few seconds, the old man finds the same stroller Chaplin found before and lays the baby inside it. When coming out of his hiding place, Chaplin runs into the police officer and quickly turns around, running directly to the lady with the stroller. After ignoring her, she chases him and knocks him to the ground with an umbrella. She grabs him by his jacket and pulls him right back to her stroller, and after a few seconds of arguing over the baby the police officer joins them. Chaplin then picks the baby up again, drops his walking stick and sits down on the sidewalk. He then opens an manhole and thinks about dropping the baby inside it, but quickly comes to the decision not to do it. Shortly after, Chaplin finds a note in the sheets the baby is covered in, which says:"Please love and care for this orphan child". Afterwards, he inspects and plays with the child for a brief moment, before standing up happily and taking the child with him.
In the short clip one can see Charlie Chaplin taking a walk through a run-down city where he finds an abandoned baby. Throughout the rest of the clip he tries to get rid of it by tricking other people into taking it. These include a woman, who already had a baby, and an old man. Each attempt to get rid of the baby fails, even leaving it in the place he found it, since an officer caught him doing so. The clip ends with Chaplin finding a piece of paper in the baby's blanket on which the plea to care for the orphaned baby is written
You can see Charly Chaplin walking down a street below a window. Another man is throwing bricks out of it. He walks past the bricks and is hit by some trash that fell from outside the shot. The line “Awkward ass” appears on a black screen. Chaplin takes out a new cigarette, takes of his gloves, ignites a match with his foot and lights the cigarette. He then throws his gloves in a bin. The next shot shows a crying baby on the floor. He takes a closer look at it and tries to find out where it might have come from by looking up. Chaplin takes up the child. In this moment a woman is walking by in background with a stroller. He walks to her and puts the baby down. The screen says “Pardon me, you dropped something”. The woman starts yelling at the man and he first attempts to take her child away, then his own. The woman furiously walks away. Chaplin then tries to lay the child back on the ground where it came from but a police officer is watching, so he decides to take it with him again. Next Chaplin encounters an old man. He acts like he has to tie his shoelaces and hands the child over to the old man. As soon as he is holding the baby Chaplin runs away. The old man follows him and finds the lady’s stroller. He puts the infant down and walks away. Then the woman returns to her child, only to find the other kid sitting in her stroller again. She sees Chaplin walking by and starts hitting him with her umbrella. She drags him back to the stroller and they argue about the situation. When the police officer returns Chaplin quickly decides to take the child away again. The next scene shows Chaplin and the child alone. They sit down on the street and Chaplin takes a look at the gutter next to him. He decides not to put the child down there and starts playing with it. He suddenly finds a note which he unfolds. It reads: Please love and care for this orphan child. Chaplin smiles at the baby while deciding to keep it. The last shot shows his feet walking away.
A man walks by a house and stops to light a cigarette when he notices a criyning baby lying on the ground next to a garbage bin. He looks around but does not see anyone who the baby might belong to. Since he can not find the parents, he hands the baby over to a woman who passes by but she gets very angry and he has to take it back. As the man then puts the baby back to where he found it, a police officer walks by and thinks he is triyning to get rid of his own child, so the man picks up the baby again. After that he tries to get rid of the baby one more time but fails again. Finally, he sits down on a curb. The man finds a small piece of paper in the child's blanket. The note says "Please love and care for this orphan child". After reading that the man looks at the child and smiles. He gets up and walks off with the baby in his arms.
In the short silent film "The Baby", the main character, portrayed by Charlie Chaplin, finds an unsupervised baby on the street. He picks it up and tries to get rid of it. A woman with a child in a buggy walks by. The man thinks the baby belongs to her and places the baby in the buggy. The woman, however, becomes angry and hands the baby back to the man. He walks back to where he found the baby and places it on the ground again. When he turns around, he finds a police officer watching him, and, guiltily, picks the baby up again and walks away. In the next scene you see him handing the child to a stranger on the street and running away. The stranger finds the buggy with the child, whose mother is in a shop at that time, again and also places the baby there. Just as the mother discovers the second baby again, the main character walks by and she becomes angry again. She hands him the child, and he sits down next to the street and takes a closer look. He finds a note in the child's clothes that reads "Please love and care for this orphan child". In the end, you see him smiling at the baby and walking away with it.
Charlie Chaplin is walking through a deserted alley when someone drops some sort of trash from a window. After brushing it off, he lights a cigar just to find a baby lying next to a trashcan. He sees a woman with a baby carriage walking past, and thinks that it has to be her baby. He puts the baby in the carriage and says to her "You dropped something". But she insists that it is not her baby, and demands that he takes it back. After reluctantly taking it back, he decides to put the baby where he found it. After realizing that he is being watched by a policeman, he walks off with the baby and crams it into the arms of an elderly man. This man puts the baby into the woman's baby carriage again. When she realizes the strange baby is back in her carriage, she beats up Charlie Chaplin, who was just walking past her at that moment. The policeman reappears, and the woman demands that Charlie Chaplin takes the baby back. After doing so, he  walks through the alleys and ultimately sits down on the pavement. For a moment, he considers putting the baby into a hole leading to the sewage system, but does not act on it. Then he finds a piece of paper in the baby's cloth, which says the baby is an orphan and needs love and care. He walks off with the baby, and it seems like he has decided to keep it.
A man who is smoking a cigar walks along an alleyway, dodging what looks like bricks being thrown out of a window. He takes out his walking stick and bends it a few times in his hands. While he is momentarily distracted, he gets hit by something that was being thrown out of a window, which causes him to drop his cigar. He then proceeds to take out his box of cigars and, after taking off his gloves, lightens another one with the sole of his shoe. After that he throws his gloves in a trash can. That is when he spots an abandoned baby lying behind another trash can. He picks it up and looks around to see who it might belong to and spots a woman with a pram. He hurries over to her and puts the baby in her pram. She gets angry and makes him understand that it isn't hers. He takes the baby out of the pram again and she scuttles away. He walks back to where he found the baby and puts it back down behind the trash can. However, when he realises that a police officer saw him doing so, he picks it back up and hurries away. Then he walks past an elderly man with a walking stick and tricks him into holding the baby while he pretends to tie his shoelaces and runs away. The elderly man hurries after him but can't find him. Instead, he sees a pram with another baby already in it, proceeds to put the baby in it, too, and walks away unnoticed. It turns out, the pram belongs to the woman from earlier, who recognises the baby. By chance, the protagonist walks past her in that moment, not noticing her or the baby. She runs after him and proceeds to beat him with her umbrella while dragging him back to the pram in order for him to take the baby back. The commotion attracts the police officer from earlier causing him to take the baby back and hurry away. Resigned, he sits down on the kerbside and holds the baby in his arm. That is when he finds a note in its blanket which reads "Please love and care for this orphan child". He looks at the baby, smiles at it, holds it closer and walks away.
The video begins with a scene of Charlie Chaplin, walking down an alley, smoking a cigarette. He gets hit by trash falling down from a window above, which makes him lose his cigarette. Thus, he gets a new cigarette out of a metal tin from his pocket. Suddenly, he finds a crying baby on the dirty floor, bundled up in blankets. He looks around, wondering where it came from. He then picks it up and sees a lady with a baby carriage with another baby in it, walking by. Charlie assumes that the baby is probably hers, approaches her and puts the found baby in the baby carriage. The Lady seems outraged and they start arguing. Apparently it is not her baby so Charlie takes it out of the baby carriage, the lady leaves and he puts it back on the floor where he found it. But then a police officer comes walking by, so Charlie is forced to pick the baby back up. He walks around a corner where he sees an older man with a walking stick. Charlie hands him the baby, quickly runs away and hides in a garage. The older man finds the parked baby carriage from the lady from before, who seems to be in a store at that time, and like Charlie before he puts the baby into the carriage and walks away. Charlie comes out of his hideout and walks down the street where the lady comes out of the store. She sees the strange baby in her baby carriage and sees Charlie walking by. She gets very upset, runs after him and beats him with an umbrella, dragging him back to the baby carriage. They start discussing once more, the police officer comes by and as the lady starts to explain the situation, Charlie gives in and once againg takes the baby with him. Not knowing what else to do, he sits down on the sidewalk and for a second he considers putting the baby into the sewer. He then takes a closer look at the baby and, getting a papercut on his finger, he finds a note between the baby's blankets. It says "Please love and care for this orphan child", so Charlie takes another look at the baby, starts smiling and talking to it and it seems like he finally accepts to keep it. Together with the baby he stands up and walks away.
Chaplin is walking down the street smoking a cigar while garbage is being thrown out of the windows. Some of the garbage hits his cigar which causes him to light up a new one. As he throws away his worn down gloves, he notices a baby on the floor next to garbage bin and picks it up. While he wonders where it came from, a mother is passing and he puts the child into her pram, thinking that it must be hers. Since he is mistaken she starts protesting and thus Chaplin attempts to return the baby to where he found it. However, he is caught by a police officer and is forced to pick the baby up again. Then he tries to trick a passer-by into holding the baby and runs into hiding. The man follows him but can only find the woman's pram where he leaves the baby. Chaplin comes out of hiding and walks away but the woman, who has already noticed the baby in her pram, sees him and starts beating him with her umbrella. Again, the police officer arrives and Chaplin has to run off with the baby. In another street, he drops his cane and has to sit down to pick it up. For a moment he considers dropping it into the sewers but then takes a closer look at the child. He finds a note that asks the finder to care for the child since it is an orphan. In the end, Chaplin gets up again and decides to take the baby with him.
The video clip begins with Charlie Chaplin walking into an alleyway, where he is hit with a bunch of scraps falling from the sky, knocking his cigar out of his hand. After lighting another using the sole of his shoe, he throws away his gloves and turns to discover an abandoned infant on the ground. In search of their guardian, he picks up the child and sees a woman walking by. He attempts to drop the baby in her pram only to be turned away, and picks up the woman's own child first before retrieving the lost one. As he returns to the alley to put the baby back where he found it, a policeman positions himself behind him, upon whose discovery he recovers the child. Turning a corner, he happens upon another man to whom he hands the bundle. In his escape, he is pursued by the old man, who places the baby in a pram standing in front of a shop. Just as the mother leaves the building, Chaplin walks past and she beats him with an umbrella. While she drags him back to the baby, the policeman arrives at the scene and Chaplin is forced to take the child back. He sits down on the curb and considers leaving it in the gutter for a short time, but ultimately lets the lid fall shut. As he is regarding the baby, he gets bitten and discovers a note on the child's body, which reads "Please love and care for this orphan child". Chaplin laughs happily and leaves with the infant in his arms.
In the video, Chaplin walks through a run-down neighbourhood, where he stumbles upon a baby laying on the ground. He assumes the baby was lost by a woman who walks past him with a baby carriage. His attempt to return the child is futile however, as the woman vehemently states that this is not her child. Afterwards he tries to get rid of the baby. He wants to leave the child in the alley, but is stopped by a police officer. His next attempt appears succesful at first. Chaplin hands the baby to an elderly man before quickly running away.  However, the elderly man proceeds to do exactly what Chaplin tried at first. He puts the baby in the baby carriage of the woman we saw earlier. She notices this when Chaplin walks past her, assuming this was his doing. She beats him up und returns the baby to him. Annoyed, he sits down on the sidewalk, where he is tempted to throw the baby into the drain for a second. He hesitates and finds a letter under the childs wrap. It states that the baby is an orphan and asks for someone to love and care for the child. This moves Chaplin and he takes the baby with him with a smile on his face.
The video is is a black-and-white silent comedy sketch. The main protagonist is shown walking along a small alley minding his own business, when a series of events unfolds. People are throwing garbage (?) out of their windows, while trying to aim for trash cans but missing them and almost hitting the main protagonist. Soon after that he pulls a box of cigarettes out of his jacket and starts to smoke. While he smokes he realises there is a baby lying on the street right next to him. Curiously he is looking for the parents or someone who might have dropped the baby there but cannot seem to find someone on the first look. However, when he turns around he spots a woman with a stroller and walks towards her. She disappears into a house and he puts the baby into the stroller, supposing she is the mother. The woman appears again and they start to argue, which implies she is not the mother. After almost taking her child, the protagonist picks up the child he found on the street. He then returns to the spot he found the baby in and is placing it there the way he stumbled upon it. When he turns around, there is a police officer standing in front of him, which leads to the protagonist promptly picking up the baby again, because of the implications.  He then walks away and as he passes another man, he pretends he needs to clean his shoes and signals the other man to hold the baby for a second, because he needs both hands in order to clean his footwear. As soon as the other man is holding the baby, the protagonis makes a run for it and hides somewhere in the previously shown alley. While looking for the protagonist, the second man comes across the same stroller shown before, getting the same idea as the protagonist and placing the baby in the woman's stroller. This time the woman does not realise that immediately as she is not present during this event. The moment she appears again and sees the second baby, the protagonist walks by her which leads her to running after him and hitting him with her umbrella, forcing him to take the baby again. He then sits down on a pavement and contemplates dropping the baby in the sewer. He takes a closer look at the baby and inside the blankets covering the baby, there is a letter with the words "Please love and care for this orphan child.". This immediately changes the protagonist's stance towards the child as he realises the parents are not around anymore to raise the baby and he feels responsible for it now and walks away as a newfound father.
A man ambles down a street while smoking. He dodges some garbage being thrown out of a window but shortly after entering an alley way he is hit by another load of what looks like food scraps. It looks like in the process he lost his cigarette and so he takes another out of a metal box containing cigarettes and cigars. After taking off his gloves he lights a match by scraping it across the sole of his shoe, lights his cigarette and then throws both the match and his gloves away. Shortly after, the man notices a baby on the ground next to some garbage cans and, after apparently looking around in the air for the origin of the baby picks it up. In the background a woman pushing a pram can be seen walking by. The man turns around and while the woman isn't looking deposits the baby next to the woman's baby that is already inside the pram. The woman returns and the man tells her that she dropped something. She is not impressed by this and demands that he take the baby away again. After first trying to take the wrong baby, the man takes the correct baby to the place where he found it. Turning around, he comes face to face with a police officer and immediately turns around to pick the baby back up again and walks away with it in his arms. Next, he tries to give the baby to an older man walking down a street with a cane by pretending that he has to tie his shoe and after the older man has the baby in his arms he runs away and hides. The older man follows him and comes across the pram of the same women seen earlier. He deposits the baby into the pram and walks away. The man comes out from his hiding place and walks past the woman and her pram again, who has discovered that the same baby has been pushed onto her again. She sees the man walk past and beats him up with her umbrella, dragging him back to the baby by the scruff of his neck and demanding that he take it back. The police officer can be seen approaching and the woman seems to accuse the man, who takes the baby back and sits down on a curb with it. He seems to contemplate putting the baby inside of a street drain, but decides against it. After searching the babies clothes he finds a note saying "Please love and care for this orphan child". The man smiles at the baby and walks away with it in his arms.
Charlie Chaplin walks down a street. A window opens and somebody throws several pieces of garbage out, missing Chaplin every time. Chaplin keeps strolling, not noticing anything. Another window opens, somebody throws out a big amount of garbage, apparently aiming at the trash can standing underneath the window. The garbage lands on Chaplin instead. He's startled and apparently feels awkward, so he takes off his gloves and lights himself a cigarette. Not wanting to put his gloves back on, he throws them into the trash can and leaves. At the corner of the street he finds a baby lying on the ground, crying. He picks it up, gazes at the houses surrounding him. Just at that moment a mother with a child in a stroller walks by and enters a house, leaving the stroller in front of the open door. Chaplin puts the baby into the stroller when the mother comes back. She seems furious, aggressively asks him to take the baby back. Chaplin grabs the baby, they both leave in opposite directions. Chaplin goes back to the corner where he found the baby, puts it on the ground. At that moment, a police officer walks by and witnesses Chaplin leaving the baby. Chaplin attempts to leave the place, turns around, sees the police officer, picks up the baby again and leaves. Next scene. An old man with a walking stick walks down a street, Chaplin is approaching from behind. He pretends that he needs to tie his shoe, gives the baby to the man, then runs away, hiding behind a corner. The old man runs after him. When he can't find him, he notices a stroller standing in front of a house. He puts the baby into the stroller and leaves. Moments later, when Chaplin accidentally walks by, the mother comes out of the house, seeing an additional baby in the stroller and Chaplin walking by. She gets furious again, runs after him and beats him with her umbrella. They argue over the baby in the stroller, when the police officer walks by. The woman gesticulates wildly. Chaplin picks up the baby again and leaves. Next scene. Chaplin sits down on the pavement, a gully next to him. He opens it, pparently thinking about dropping the baby down the gully. He discards the idea and examines the babie's clothes instead, finding a note. The note says "Please love and care for this orphaned child". Chaplin looks at the babie's face, smiles, gets up and leaves with the baby.
Charlie Chaplin goes for a walk through the streets of a city, where he finds an abandoned baby, wrapped in cloth, lying on the sidewalk. He picks up the crying baby and tries to sneak it into a pram a mother left on the street while running errands. The mother notices and gets angry at Chaplin, who then has to take the baby back. He then tried to lay it back where he found it, but a police man catches him, so Chaplin has to take the baby again. He sees an old man and asks him to hold the baby so Chaplin can tie his shoes. The old man takes the baby and Chaplin runs away. Since the old man is not fast enough to catch him, he lays the baby into the first pram he can find, which is coincidentally the same pram in which Chaplin already has put the baby.  The angry mother thought Chaplin was at fault, found him and handed the baby back. Chaplin sits down on a curb and does not know what he should do with this baby. He even had a quick thought about dumping it in the sewage. Finally Chaplin starts searching in the cloth and blankets the baby is swaddled in and finds a note. The note says „ please love and care for this orphan child“. Now he starts to smile and hold the baby close, accepting his fate.
In this video, Charlie Chaplin is walking through what seems like factory premises in a town, when he, after stopping to light a cigarette, suddenly spots a baby laying on the ground. Because he is scared that the baby is going to get hit by rubble that previously fell down on him, too, he picks it up, but does not really seem to know what to do with it. He then sees a woman with a pram and tries to put the child in there. The mother, however, of course notices that this is not her child and makes him take it out again, so Chaplin tries to lay it back down to where he found it, but is caught by a police officer, so he picks it up again. After running around trying to find somewhere to put the baby, he gives it to another man and quickly runs away. That man puts it in the woman's pram again and flees, too. When Chaplin walks past the woman after he was hiding somewhere, she thinks that it was him putting the baby back in there again and hits him with her umbrella until he takes the baby back. After Chaplin even debates leaving it in the drain, he finds a note on the child that states that this child is an orphan, and asks the finder to take care of it and love it. This is where he finally comes to terms with his fate and starts taking care of the baby.
The four-minute long video, which is only accompanied by instrumental music and no voice acting, starts out on a construction site and focuses on a man wearing a suit and hat. After being hit by rubble twice and lighting a cigarette, he discovers a baby on the ground, wrapped in a blanket. Visibly puzzled, the man gazes around, trying to find out who the baby might belong to. He then picks it up and notices a woman pushing a stroller passing by. He places the baby into the stroller across from another baby, but takes it back after the woman gets mad at him. The man then decides to put the baby back on the ground where he found it, but changes his mind when he encounters a police officer. The man notices an old man with a walking cane and tricks him into holding the baby, whereupon the first man runs off. The old man puts the baby in the same stroller as the previous man and walks away. When the first man walks by the stroller, he gets beaten by the woman and gives in, taking back the baby. Finally, he sits down on the curb, discovers a note hidden in the baby's blanket saying that it is an orphan child. This causes the man to lovingly engage with the child and walk away.
While Charles Chaplin is smoking a cigarette, he lets his eyes wander and sees a baby lying on the ground next to a bin. He picks it up, seems confused and then notices a lady walk past, with a baby in a pram. The lady leaves her push chair outside a shop and Charles Chaplin sneakily sits the child in the push chair next to the lady's baby. He gets told off by the woman and they have  massive row. Charles Chaplin takes the baby, lays it back in the corner, gets caught and chased by a police officer and hands the child to a homeless person who then has the same idea as Chaplin, namely putting the baby back in the woman's pram. The lady sees Charles Chaplin potter along and holds him responsible. She yells at him and gives him the baby. After sitting down with the little one on his lap, Charles finds a note on the baby which states that it's an orphan.
In the first scene the protagonist is walking through the streets when he finds a baby laying on the floor and no parents in sight. He picks up the baby and is convinced that he has found the mother when he sees a woman with a buggy walking by. Indicating that it is not her baby, the woman refuses to take the child. The protagonist puts the baby down on the ground and apparently wants to walk off when a police officer enters the scene whereupon the protagonist changes his mind and picks up the baby again. In an attempt to solve the situation, the protagonist hands the baby over to a stranger in the streets and runs off. Irritated, the stranger tries to chase the protagonist but as he is not able to find him he puts the baby in a buggy of a woman, who, by conincidence, is the same woman from the scene in the beginning. When she sees the protagonist passing by, she runs after him and hits him with her umbrella, obviously convinced that he again had put the baby in the buggy. In the final scene of the video, after comtemplating to drop the baby in the sewerage, the protagonist finds a note on the baby saying that the child is an orphan that needs love and caring. The protagonist seems to changes his mind and walks off with the baby and a smile on his face.
