In the film, Chaplin was minding his business when he found a baby in the alley. He didn't know what to do but when he saw a women with a carriage, he thought it was hers and gave it back. It wasn't the women's baby and so he had to take it back. He then tried to put the baby back where he found it but then a police officer showed up so he picked up the baby and kept walking. While walking he saw another man and asked him to hold the baby. He ran away and the man was startled and went looking for him with the baby. The man walked past the same lady from earlier with the carriage and put the baby in it and left. Then Chaplin happened to be walking right past the carriage the the lady came out and she thought that he put the baby in the carriage again. So, he took the baby back because the police officer showed up. Then he sat down with the baby on a curb and thought about putting it in the sewer. While sitting with the baby he read a note that said the baby was an orphan. Finally, he decided to walk away with the baby.
Chaplin finds an abandoned baby on the side of the road. He picks it up, and when a woman with a carriage passes by, he assumes that she had dropped her baby and offers it to her, which makes her angry and he realizes that she has another baby and that this is not hers. Later, a street officer walks by and appears suspicious, so Chaplin picks up the baby as if it is his and walks along so as to let the officer leave. Chaplin finds an old man walking on a cane and gives him the baby and runs. Later, Chaplin sits with the baby and finds a note indicating that the baby is an orphan and needs someone to love and care for it and he decides to do just that.
Charlie Chaplin stopped to smoke a hand rolled cigarette when he found a baby laying in an alleyway. He tried to give a the baby to those who passed by including a woman pushing her own child in a baby stroller and then an old man with a cane. He even tried to put the baby back in the alley when a police officer saw him, causing him to pick the child back up. He eventually found a letter with the child asking for somebody to please love the orphaned child. He then quit trying to pass her off and walked away with her himself.
The scene starts with a man in a round hat walking down the street with a small mustache, a cane, and a cigar. People are throwing things out their windows, like trash. He gets hit by some and is frazzled. He grabs a tin from his pocket and grabs a new cigar and lights it with a match from his coat using the bottom of his shoe. He continues walking and finds a baby on the ground next to some trash cans. He looks around confused and picks up the baby. He sees a lady walk by a little ways down the street pushing a stroller. He runs up to her and puts the baby in the stroller saying "Pardon me, you dropped something". The lady gets mad and flails and yells at the man as though it's not her child. He begins to franticly take the child back, first mistakenly grabbing her child and then taking the one he gave her. He walked away and tried to put the baby back where he found it but is being watched by an officer and decides to pick the baby back up and continue walking. He then gives the baby to the first person he sees on the street, an old man with a cane. He places the baby in his arms and then runs. The old man tries to chase after him but then doesn't know what to do. The original man runs back to where he found the baby and hides in a shed nearby, again running into the officer so he then tries to walk away casually. The old man now with the baby comes across an unattended stroller with a child in it, the same one the original man had just tried to put the baby in, and leaves the child in there and bolts. The lady comes out of the store to find the strange baby back in her stroller. The original guy happens to be strolling by at this time and out of anger she grabs her closed umbrella and starts beating him. She forces him to take the baby back so he does. He ends up sitting on the curb with the baby in his lap. He is sitting next to a storm drain that he opens, thinking about putting the baby in there but then closes the grate and continues holding the baby. As he is doing so he pricks his finger on something and finds a note attached to the baby's clothes. He opens it up and it reads "Please love and care for this orphan child". As he reads this he smiles, puts the note back not he baby, and stands up to happily walk away with the child.
A man dressed in a suit and a top hat walks down a dirty street, smoking a cigar. There appears to be some construction going on because there are pieces of rubble flying down from above him. Some of this rubble lands on him, causing him to lose his cigar at which point he stops, takes out another, and lights it, continuing on his way. Suddenly he sees a baby on the ground, alone, all bundled in blankets. He picks up the baby and looks around to see where it may have come from. He sees a lady with a baby of her own, and he asks her if she forgot something. She is very angry with him, indicating that it is clearly not her baby. The first man then sees another man, who he tricks into holding the baby while he ties his shoe, at which point he immediately runs away. Eventually, the first man ends up with the baby again. He sits down on the side of the road and opens up the baby's blankets, finding a note hidden within. The note asks that the finder of the baby take care of this orphan, at which point it appears that he decides to do exactly that.
Chaplin is walking along an alleyway and having garbage dropped on his head. He resigns himself to it without protest and lights a cigarette from his tin when he spots a child abandoned in the corner. At first, he glances up, as if to comedically suggest the child was dropped with the trash. Having a conscience but no desire to adopt the child, he attempts to return it to a woman pushing around another infant in a stroller. Unfortunately, she angrily resists this event as the child is not hers. He decides to return the child to the spot where he found it, but a police officer has come up behind him and made it exceedingly awkward to appear to abandon his infant. He ends up passing the kid to a man on the street and running away, but the man somehow manages to deposit the child into the same basket as the woman from before. As Chaplin paces past, she assaults him with an umbrella. To make matters worse for him, the police man returns to the scene, and he is forced to retrieve the displaced infant. Chaplin sits on the edge of the sidewalk, temporarily defeated, and considers dropping the child into the gutter. He shakes his head and checks instead for a note within its blankets that reads, “Please love and care for this orphan child.” An affectionate smile now on his face, Chaplin executes his trademark waddle into the background as the film ends.
A man is walking down an unpaved street. Things are being thrown from the windows. The road is cluttered and hazardous. He gets hit with trash, a mixture of dirt and rock, that was thrown from the window of an overhead apartment. He then sighs and smokes a cigarette. Shortly after he sees a baby abandoned on the side of the hazardous street. He quickly picks up the baby, as he turns around he spots a mother with a stroller. He mistakenly thinks that the baby most be hers and puts the baby in the stroller while the mother is in the store. However, when she comes back from the story she becomes very angry and tells him to take the baby back. He does and then tries to return the baby to where he found it. However, he sets the baby down in the sight of a police officer who assumes that the man is abandoning the baby. The man quickly picks the baby up again. Multiple attempts of the man trying to get rid of the baby ensues. The man tries to pass the baby off to another man, who then puts the baby in the same stroller as the woman before. The man who originally has the baby walks past the mother who thinks he has once again set the baby in her stroller. The mother attacks the man who originally had the baby with an umbrella. He claims the baby once again. After walking with the baby for some time, the man sits down with the baby on a curb. For a split second he considers putting the baby into the sewer. He doesn't think he can handle the burden of a baby. However, he finds a note on the baby with a written request that whoever finds the baby loves and cares for it. The note changes his mind completely and he decides to care for the baby.
This video was about a man who found a orphaned baby next to the dumpster and did not understand what that meant. He Saw a woman with a large stroller and presumed that she had forgotten the baby. This shows that he may not have been able to pick up the social cues. The woman however, upon placement of the orphaned child in her stroller she was upset because she did not want to have to care for another baby. Thus, the man put the baby back where he found it, however, due to his poor luck there was a police man right behind him so man couldn't just place the babe back where he found it and therefore he gave the baby off to someone else. But that man did not want the baby and so the man was stuck with the orphaned baby. He finally sat down to contemplate the other options that he had and realized there was a note in the clothes of the baby. The note read "please love and care for this orphaned baby." And he went off to do just that (it is assumed).
Charlie Chaplin find an abandoned child by a trashcan, and and picks up the baby and starts wondering whose baby it is, he put the baby in a pram with another child but then the woman who is the mother of the child comes out and start yelling at him. He then tries to give it to a stranger who then gives it back to the woman with the child who then attacks Charlie Chaplin.In the end Charlie Chaplin keeps the child as he has formed an emotional connection with it.
Charlie Chaplin was walking through the street when he came upon a small bundle in a corner.  Much to his surprise, inside the bundle was a baby! Charlie then felt responsible to do something with the small child and luckily for him a woman pushing a baby carriage and her child happened to be walking by.  He was caught by the woman trying to abandon the abandoned child in stroller and was still left with the child.  Afterwards he tried to place the baby back where it was originally found, but was seen by a police officer and given the context of  the sight of a man placing a baby on the street Charlie grabbed the baby and continued to try to find him a home.  While walking, he found a man and swindled him into holding the baby and quickly ran away.  Coincidently enough, the man placed the baby in the same carriage that Charlie had earlier.  Later when the woman realized she once again had two babies, she was furious and saw Charlie walking and assumed he had placed the abandoned baby in her stroller again.  In the end after man attempts of trying to abandoned baby, it finally found a home with Charlie after the goofy man with the mustache realized that the child was an orphan.
The video is a silent film based featuring Charlie Chaplin. The video begins with Charlie Chaplin walking out of a building on his own, however he gets something thrown on him. He continues to dust himself off, before spotting a baby on the floor. Throughout the video he attempts to return the baby to various people but isn't successful in finding the parent of the child. The first person he believes to be the mother, and places the baby in the stroller, however she begins to hit Charlie as she is not the owner. This continues throughout the video with similar reactions from the people. The video ends with Charlie holding the baby while sitting on the floor and finds a note stating the baby is a orphan and needs love and care. As a result he walks off holding the baby indicating that he will look after the child.
In this video, Charlie Chaplin is walking down an alley where many people are throwing out their trash. As he is walking, he finds a baby that has been left behind. When a woman passes by with a stroller, he tries to sneak the baby in with hers, but she notices and makes him take it back. He then gives the man to another guy walking by, who also tries to leave the baby in the stroller, but the mother thinks it is Chaplin and tells the police. The police return the baby to Chaplin, who walks off with him.
There is a man walking down the street who finds a baby lying on the side of the road. He decided to pick up the baby and find it's mother. When he finds a woman with a baby stroller, he leaves the baby, but the woman becomes angry with him because it is not her baby. After the man takes the baby back, he thinks about leaving the baby where he found it, but a police officer sees him he gives it to another man instead. This other man then leaves the baby in the same baby stroller when the woman is not looking. The first man walks by the baby stroller again and the woman sees him, assuming that he is the one that left the child. She then yells at him and calls the police officer who then makes him take the child back again. The man sits on the side of the road pondering what to do with the baby. It appears that he considers placing it in a sewer drain, but then he finds a note in the baby's blanket that asks him to love and take care of the orphan child. After thinking a little bit more, the man gets up and leaves, seeming having decided to love and care for the child.
Charlie is in an alley messing around with his cigar, trying to throw it away in the trash. While he is doing this, he finds a baby laying on the ground. Charlie doesn't know what to do with the baby. He begins to set the baby back down on the ground, but a policeman walks by and thinks that Charlie is leaving his baby in the street. Charlie holds the baby and finds a mother walking by with a baby carriage. The baby doesn't belong to her, and she yells at Charlie. Charlie takes the baby and walks out of the alley onto a main street. He sees another mother with a carriage and sets the baby in it, trying to leave the baby there. The mother sees this and becomes very angry with Charlie. She begins to hit him with an umbrella and the policeman comes by again. Charlie takes the baby again and sits on the curb. He considers throwing the baby down a manhole. He finds a note tucked in the blankets that explains that the baby needs love and care because it is an orphan baby. Charlie keeps the baby!
During this video there was a man just walking around and doing his daily routine. All of a sudden many things started happening to him. Bricks fell down from the building, something was shot at him. He then found a baby lying on the ground. He picked up the baby wondering where it had come from. He later then noticed a lady walking by with a stroller and he put the baby inside her stroller when she wasn't looking. The woman got mad and he took the baby back, because although she was in search of a baby; this was not her baby. He then picked it up and went on his way, and didn't leave the baby because of the cop watching his every move. Later on, the man gave the baby to another older man who put the baby back into the same woman's stroller. The main man happened to walk by and the woman freaked out and got mad again. So he took the baby back and sat down with it. He all of a sudden changed when he saw the note that said to take care of this orphan child. His perspective changed, so when so many things went wrong to him. It was all in goodness because of how much his heart and personality was challenged.
The video starts with a man out walking and stops to smoke. He is hit on the head by something that falls from above him and proceeds to smoke. He then notices a baby wrapped in blankets left by a wall and some bins. He looks around to see if anyone nearby seems to have lost the child or missing a child. A woman with a baby carriage comes by and appears to be looking for someone and the man assumes the baby belongs to her. He puts the baby in the carriage and she gets mad at him and says the baby is not hers. He continues to try and pass the baby along to others during his walk. The police man sees what he is doing and keeps a close eye on him. Eventually, after several attempts at getting rid of the child, the man sits down with the baby and finds a note saying the child is an orphan and to please love and care for him/her. The man takes the baby with him as he happily walks away.
Charlie Chaplin is walking along a street smoking when he gets hit on the head by falling materials being dropped from above. He then turns and sees a baby lying on the side of the street crying. He looks up, questioning whether it has been dropped from above. He then spots a woman with a pushchair so runs after her, and puts the baby in the pushchair, assuming that it is her child. The woman protests as it is not her baby, so he takes the baby and goes to put it back where he found it. However, a police officer shows up so he picks the baby up again and tries to give it to an old man with a walking stick, tricking him into taking it by pretending that he is just tying his shoe lace but then running away. The old man chases after him and, once again, puts the baby down in the same woman's pram. While trying to get away from the policeman again, Charlie Chaplin finds himself walking back past the pushchair, and as the woman had not seen who had actually put the baby in her pushchair this time, she assumes that it was him, chases after him and hits him with her umbrella, demanding that he take the baby back. The policeman turns up again so Charlie takes the baby again and sits down on the pavement. While holding it, he discovers a note saying 'Please love and care for this orphan child'. He stands up and walks away with baby.
Chaplin is walking through the streets as someone is throwing furniture out the windows, eventually hitting him. He then lights a cigarette and turns around to find a crying baby by the garbage. He immediately picks up the baby and attempts to place it in the baby carriage of a woman walking by, telling her that she dropped something. The woman is obviously aware that the man had placed the baby in the carriage himself, so she demands that he take the baby. He then tries to put it back where he found it, only to be caught by a police officer. He makes several more attempts to get rid of the baby, but is caught each time. Eventually, he sits down with the baby, reaches into its blanket, and finds a note asking to please take care of the orphan. Immediately, the man’s attitude changes, and the skit ends with him walking happily with his new child.
Charlie Chaplin stumbles upon a baby in an alley. He attempts to foist the child on a woman by placing the child in her buggy and claiming that she misplaced the child. Clearly, this is not the woman's child, and the woman refuses to take him. Chaplin returns the child to the exact spot where he found him in the alley. Unfortunately for Chaplin, a policeman appears and witnesses him do so. Presumably concerned about the legal consequences of abandoning a child, Chaplin collects the child and leaves the alley.  <br/> While waking, Chaplin comes across an elderly man, and hands the child off to him. The elderly man, uncertain of what is happening, has no time to react as Chaplin flees. The elderly man eventually finds the buggy in which Chaplin originally placed the child. The elderly man places the child in the buggy and leaves without the woman noticing him. Just as the woman notices the second child in her buggy, Chaplin passes by. The woman infers, incorrectly, that Chaplin placed the child in the buggy and confronts him by beating him with an umbrella. While Chaplin and the woman argue, the policeman from earlier reappears, at which point Chaplin desists from arguing and departs with the child.  <br/> Chaplin, sitting with the child, discovers a note attached to the child which reads, "Please love and take care for this orphan child." After reading the note, Chaplin smiles and walks away with the child.
Charlie Chaplin finds a baby on the floor. He doesn't know what to do with the child so he decides to leave it in a woman's pram with  another baby. The woman comes out of the shop and gives the baby back to Charlie Chaplin. Then he decides to leave the child back on the street but a police officer catches him. He then decides to give the baby to a man he finds on the street and he runs off leaving the stranger with the baby. The man who he has given the baby to leaves the baby in the same pram from earlier and walks off. The woman from before sees the baby in the pram and catches Charle Chaplin walking past and she decides to run after him and hits him with her umbrella and gives the baby back to him. Finally Charlie sits on the side walk with the baby and he finds a note saying that whoever finds the orphan child should love and care for him. He then walks off with the baby in his arms.
At first, Charlie Chaplin is walking along and smoking. There are things falling from the building next to him. Then something falls down and lands on top of him. He looks around, takes out a small box with cigarettes inside, and starts smoking again. Then he takes off his gloves, lights the cigarette, and finds a baby! He looks around to try to figure out where it came from, but doesn't see anything. In the meantime, a woman with a stroller walks past him in the background, and it seems likely that she is looking for the missing baby. At this point Charlie Chaplin catches sight of her, and tries to chase her down, but she disappears into one of the buildings nearby. He returns the baby, but the woman scolds him because the baby isn't actually hers. Then a policeman comes and watches Charlie Chaplin put the baby back where he found it in the alley, so Chaplin picks it up again. He then tries to hand the baby off to a random man he finds on a different street, but the man returns it. Then he tries to leave the baby in the same woman's stroller as earlier, but she chases him down with an umbrella and forces him to take back the baby. After sitting down on a curb, Chaplin considers putting the baby down a storm drain but decides against it. Then he looks at the baby more closely and finds a sheet of paper that asks him to take care of the child because it's an orphan. He seems happy after reading this and walks off with the baby.
Charles Chaplin narrowly avoids debris, dumped from a window, only to walk right into the next houses falling trash! He pulls out his cigarette tin and finds a suitable cigarette. Lights his match on his shoe and begins puffing away. At that very moment, he sees a crying baby wrapped in linen lying on the ground. He pick the poor thing up just as he sees a woman walking a baby carriage down the alley and go in a building. He walks over and matter-of-factly places the baby in the carriage. when the woman comes out again, she screams at him. It's not her baby! He tries to put the baby back but a policeman is there as he turns around to leave. taking the baby once again, he pawns it off to a tramp. The tramp puts it back in the carriage and thinking he's got off scott free, Chaplin walks happily down the street, right by the carriage. The mother beats him and gets the cop involved, so Chaplin takes the baby once more. He considers dropping it down a sewer grate but reconsiders. Then he finds a note in the baby's clothes saying to take care of the orphan, so he does.
In the video, Chaplin finds a baby abonadoned in the street just by the rubbish bin. He pics it up and looks around for where it might have come from, when he spots a lady with a push chair. So he chases after her and puts the baby in the pushchair which already has a baby in. When the mother notices she demands for him to take the baby out and walks away.  <br/> He then decides to bring the baby back to where he found it, but at that moment a police officer is walking past and he is obliged to take the baby with him.  <br/> His next attempt to get rid of the baby is to leave him with a man on the street while he pretends to tie his shoe lace. This man tries to run after him unsuccessfully and then leaves the baby in the same pushchair from before. Just as the lady realises, Chaplin is walking by and she makes him take the baby back again, he shows unwillingness until the same police officer walks by again.  <br/> At the end, Chaplin sits down with the baby and daughts wether to put him in the drain but luckily finds a letter saying to please look after he orphan baby.
Charlie Chaplin when walking down a backstreet smoking a ciggar encounters an abandoned baby. Immediately after he decides to carry the baby and place it into a pram with another child. However, the mother of the other child catches him and he ends up trying a different method to dispose of the baby by distracting an eldely man in the street. This man decides to place the baby into the same pram as last time and the mother thinks that Charlie is culpable. Finally, Charlie ends up keeping the baby and discovers an attached note that pleads for it to be loved and cared for.
In this short film we see Chaplin in an alleyway, where debris are being thrown. Chaplin, surrounded by this mess, looks quite confused. Upon walking out of the alley he sees a orphaned baby wrapped up in a blanket right next to a dumpster. Chaplin looks for the baby’s parents or possible owner to no avail, so he walks back and forth in search of someone he can give the baby to. When a woman walks into the alleyway with a carriage and a baby of her own, Chaplin waits until she is not paying attention and puts the orphaned baby in the carriage—the woman notices and shoos him and the baby away. Hopeless Chaplin again tries to leave the baby in the alley but is caught red-handed by a police man. Chaplin nonchalantly walks through the streets to escape the police man, and approaches the woman with the carriage again. They get into a fight, broken up by the police officer, and Chaplin walks back to the opening of the alleyway. As he decides where he will leave the baby next, he finds a note that instructs him to take care of the orphaned baby.
In this scene Chaplin is walking into an alley where he is hit on the head by some objects that have fallen from above. As he lights his cigaret and collects himself he notices that there is a baby laying on the ground, crying. Clearly assuming that the baby has a mother or some adult that it belongs to, he begins looking around. He sees a woman pushing a carriage that is holding another child, so presuming that she "dropped something" he attempts to give her the baby. She is then visibly infuriated so he takes the baby and attempts to return it to the spot he found it on the ground, only to be found by a police officer. Chaplin then takes the baby and is able to trick a man on the street to hold the baby, as he proceeds to run away in the other direction. That man then places the baby in the same carriage that Chaplin had originally attempted to place it in, as the mother is not present in that moment, he then walks away as well. The mother then returns to her carriage to see the extra baby in it just as Chaplin walks by. She gives the baby to him, he sits down on the curb with the baby and then realizes that there is a note. When he unfolds the note the audience, along with Chaplin, discovers that the baby is an orphan and therefore has no mother to be returned to.
The video is about a man that is walking along a street one day when he sees a child in alley way. Feeling sorry for the abandoned child, he picks the child up and looks around to see if it belongs to anyone. Seeing a mother with a stroller, he tries to leave the child with her. However, she does not want it either and forces him to keep it. He returns to the spot where he found the child and tries to put it back. Suddenly, a police officer appears and he is forced to keep the child once again. Next, he tricks and older gentleman into taking the child and then runs away. The older gentleman tries to follow, but loses him. Ironically, he ends up next to the mother's stroller and he puts the baby in there and leaves. As the man that found the child first walks past the stroller the mother comes out of the store and sees the abandoned child. She hits the man with her umbrella and forces him to take the child. The man finds a note stating the child is an orphan. The story ends with the man keeping the child.
Charlie Chaplin was walking along the street, smoking, when he came across a baby lying on the side of the road. He picked the baby up, and saw a lady with a baby carriage walking along the street. He put the baby he found in the baby carriage, telling her that she "dropped something." She refused and threatened him, so he took the baby back. He tried to put the baby back where he found it but a policeman saw him, so he had to take the baby back again. Then he saw an old man walking along the street and asked the man to hold the baby for a moment while he tied his shoe. The man agreed, and Charlie quickly ran away and hid. The man put the baby in the same woman's baby carriage. She came out, saw the baby, and then saw Charlie walking by and beat him with her umbrella until he took the baby back (she thought Charlie had put the baby in her carriage again!). The same policeman came over, and Charlie took the baby again. He went to go sit on a curb and considered dumping the baby down a sewer drain. However, he found a note in the baby's blanket that said "please love and care for this orphan child." This warmed his heart, and so he took the baby with him.
Charlie Chaplin is walking in an alley when he finds a child crying in the street. There isn’t anyone else around so he tries to find the parent or caretaker of the child to return it. He tries to give it to a woman who has another child and a large carriage for children but she clearly isn’t the mother because she refuses to take it. Then when going to return the child back to where he found it, a police officer arrives and it looks like Charlie is abandoning the child in the street so he keeps it again. Charlie gives the child to a random man in the street, who then puts it into the carriage of the woman from earlier. She then forces Charlie to keep the baby. Finally he finds a note that asks whoever is reading to love and care for this orphan child and Charlie walks away with it in hand.
Charlie Chaplin was walking through an alleyway when all of a sudden bricks of some sort fell from a window and almost hit him.  Then he paused to light a cigarette and as he was smoking he noticed a baby on the ground, crying.  He debated picking up the baby but then he does.  After he picks up the baby he notices a woman with a stroller already carrying a baby, so he thinks it is hers and leaves the baby in her stroller.  The woman comes out and yells at Chaplin, telling him it's not hers.  He then grabs the baby and is about to put it back where he found it, but there is a policeman behind him.  Chaplin takes the baby and gives it to an old man, who once again finds the woman's stroller and puts it in there.  The woman comes out of the store and thinks that Chaplin put it there again because he was passing by as she came out.  They get in a disagreement and Chaplin takes the baby again as the policeman shows up.  Chaplin sits on the side walk, debating whether or not to put the baby in the sewer.  He sees a note on the baby's blanket telling him to love and care for the orphan child.  Finally, he decides to keep the child and walks away.
Charles Chaplin is walking when he finds a baby. The baby is wrapped up in a blanket on the ground and is crying. He picks up the baby and as he tries to set the baby back down, a police officer approaches. It appears like he is trying to abandon his own baby so he picks it back up and moves on. He continues to try to get rid of the baby, each time with no luck. Finally, he finds a note in the baby's blanket saying that he's an orphan and needs to be cared for and loved. Charles smiles and walks off with the baby.
Charlie Chaplin finds a baby in the street, he tries to give the baby to a mother thinking that she had lost the child but she will not accept it. He then tried to leave the baby where he found it however he is stopped by the police and ends up leaving it in the arms of a stranger. Upon finally ending up once again with the child he eventually finds a note hidden in the baby's blanket that asks him to care of the baby, he then walks off with baby seeming happy.
Someone is throwing trash at Charlie Chaplin as he walks. Then he finds a baby in an alley way and tries to give it to a women with a stroller, then to a random man (who then puts the baby back in the stroller). The woman with the stroller then chases Charlie and so he takes the baby back. He continues to try to find a place to dispose of the baby, even down the sewer, until he finds a note in the baby's clothes that says something like "please take care of this orphan child" and after that he changes his attitude and appears to have decided to keep the baby.
Charlie Chaplin walks down the street in what looks like a rough part of town. People throw things at him out of windows, but he keeps smoking and strutting down the street mostly unbothered. He stumbles upon a baby in the alley and thinks it belongs to a lady with a stroller passing by. He says “I think you dropped something” and puts the baby in the stroller, but she refuses to take it and indicates the baby is not hers. He tries to put the baby back and a policeman sees him so he picks the baby up again. Then he asks a man with a cane to hold the baby while he ties his shoe and runs away. The man puts the baby in the woman's stroller and walks away. The woman comes out of the store and sees Charlie Chaplin walking by, sees the baby, and beats Carlie with her umbrella and forces him to take the child away. Charlie Chaplin sits on the curb with the baby and briefly considers throwing the baby in the gutter, but decides not to. He finds a piece of paper tucked into the baby’s blanket that says “please love and care for this orphan child”
This video is a clip of a Charlie Chaplin film called The Kid. It's in black and white and there is no dialogue, just music. It starts off with Charlie Chaplin walking and smoking as things fall from the buildings above. He lights a new cigarette and as he is about to continue walking, he spots a crying baby on the ground. A woman with a stroller then walks by and he follows her thinking she "dropped something." He tries to put the baby in the stroller and leave but the woman does not allow him to and he is forced to leave with the baby. He then tries to leave the baby back where he found it, but a police officer sees him and again Charlie is forced to leave with the baby. Walking around, he comes across a man and pretends to need to tie his shoe and asks the man to hold the baby briefly. But of course, he runs away. The man comes across the woman with the stroller, leaves the baby in it, and walks away. However, the woman spots Charlie walking and hits him with an umbrella and forces him to take the baby again. Charlie ends up sitting on the sidewalk contemplating putting the baby in a grate in the road, but he finds a note on the baby that reads "Please love and care for this orphan child." The film ends with him holding the baby and looking at it lovingly.
In the video "Charles Chaplin - The kid- The baby," a man accidentally finds an orphan baby. Upon his discovery, the man first attempts to place the baby in a woman's carriage. Knowing it is not her child, the woman berates the man and insists that he take the child with him. The man then plans to put the child back where he found it, but does not, as a police officer coincidentally walks by. Still unsure what to do with the child, the man then tricks another man to hold the baby as he runs away. This, however, does not work, and the man ends up with the baby at the end. He discovers a note attached to the baby requesting that someone please love and care for the child. The clip ends with the man smiling at the child and walking away with the baby in his arms.
Chaplain is walking past a window when some bricks fall in front of him. He continues to walk through the gulley before something else is thrown next to him, again from above. He gets his baccy tin out which is full of cigar butts. He takes out a rollie from the tin and puts it in his mouth. He then gets a match and lights it on the sole of his shoe and uses the match to light his fag. He stars smoking then sees a baby, which he approaches before picking it up. He sees a woman has walked past with a pram so he puts the baby in it and tells her she must've lost something. The pair have an argument before Chaplain ends up having to take the baby back. He goes back to the same place in the gulley that he found the baby and starts to put it back down on the floor whilst a police man comes up behind him. Chaplain sees the police man and ends up having to pick the baby back up. So, he goes round the corner to loose the police man. On the road he pretends to step in some mud and asks an old man with a beard if he'll hold onto the baby for a sec before running away. The old man puts the baby in the same pram as Chaplain had already. The woman gets furious at Chaplain and runs after him with her brolly hitting him constantly til he takes the baby away again. Eventually Chaplain sits down on the curb and opens the grate thinking about throwing the baby down the drain. In the end, he decided that he isn't that mean and instead reaches into the baby's clothes to see that his mother had left a note asking for someone to look after the poor orphan.
In this video Charlie Chaplin's character is walking along while people are throwing trash out of windows. He lights a cigar and then throws away his gloves. He turns around to find a baby lying on the ground. He looks around to see where it may have come from but cannot figure it out. Then a woman walks by with a stroller. He figures the baby is hers and puts the baby in the stroller. The lady yells at him that it is not her child and makes him take it back. He then tries to put the child back where he found it but a policeman is watching so he picks the child back up. Then he hands the child to a man with a limp and runs off. Unbeknownst to him that man finds the same stroller and puts the child in it. When Charlie Chaplin passes the stroller the woman thinks it was him again and hits him and then makes him take the baby back. Then Charlie Chaplin sits down on the curb with the baby. He considers throwing it down the sewer but then he reads the note attached to it asking whoever finds the baby to love it since it is an orphan. Charlie keeps the baby and walks away
The scene begin with Chaplin walking down a dirty alley where trash is falling from above (or being swept out of a windowsill someone is cleaning). After walking further down this alley Chaplin lights a cigarette and finds a baby swaddled in a blanket and abandoned on the street. At first Chaplin tries to get rid of the baby by passing on the responsibility to a mother walking by with a pram and her own child. Unfortunately (for Chaplin), the mother resists and Chaplin returns to the original spot where he found the baby to leave the baby there. While attempting to get rid of the child a cop walks into the scene and Chaplin is forced to pretend he did not just attempt to abandon this child. Next he takes the baby to a main street where he passes the baby off to a stranger while pretending that he needs to tie his shoes, but turns to sprint away instead. This stranger gets rid of the baby by placing it in a nearby pram, which happens to be the same pram/mother as before. The mother eventually sees the new baby and Chaplin who's walking out of the scene. Again Chaplin is forced to take the baby. Chaplin sits down with the baby, considers ditching the baby in the sewer, but then discovers a note that reads something akin to "please take care and love this orphan." This seems to warm Chaplin's heart and it seems he ends up deciding to keep the baby.
The video is a comedic piece overall, with elements of sadness mixed in. We can tell it is a comedic piece right from the start as he walks down the street and bricks fall on him from the sky, and his walking stick is apparently bendy. He also then manages to use his shoe to light his cigarette. The story then takes a turn when we spot an abandoned child lying on the street. Chaplin spots the baby and picks it up in search of it's mother. A woman then walks by with a pram and and Chaplin assumes the baby belongs there and so tries to put the baby in the pram. The woman is shocked and irritated. At a loss Chaplin takes the child and goes to put them back in the alleyway, but just at that moment is halted by a policeman. In order to avoid getting into trouble Chaplin picks the baby back up and walks around the street to dump the child in another man's arms, running away. The man spots the very same woman that Chaplin had tried to leave the baby with before and he successfully leaves the child in the pram while the woman is inside a shop. Just as the woman exits the shop and spots the child in the pram again Chaplin walks past. He then gets in trouble with the woman again and is forced to take the child back out of the pram. At a loss he sits down on the curb with the child and finds a slip of paper in the baby's wrappings. The note states the child is an orphan and to please love and care for them. Chaplin has a change of heart and is last seen walking away with the child smiling.
Charlie Chaplin is walking down a back alley. A lady is throwing waste from her window which narrowly misses him as he walks along. As he near the camera entering into a second alley more waste is thrown from another house which does hit him. He bends his cane and then proceeds to get out a cigarette which he prepares and lights with match. At which point he notices a swaddled baby. He picks it up and looks up thinking it's come from a window above.  <br/>  <br/> A short time later a lady walks past with a large pram containing a baby. He proceeds to chase her down and places the baby he found in the pram. The lady explains it's not hers and forces him to take back the baby. He then tries to put it back but is caught by a policeman who stops him. He then chases down an old man whom he gives the baby to. <br/>  <br/> Not knowing what to do with the baby the old man subsequently walks past the pram from earlier and places the baby in it. A few moments later the lady comes out of a building and sees the baby in her pram just as Mr. Chaplin is walking past. An argument ensues and they are joined by the police officer from earlier.    <br/>  <br/> Charlie is forced to take back the baby. He sits on the kerb and considers putting it down the drain next to him but decides not to do so. He then finds a note within the baby's swaddle asking that it be loved and that its an orphan. This leads to a change of heart and he cuddles the baby. The End.
A man, played by Charlie Chaplan, finds a baby behind an old building. He tried to give the baby to a woman with a baby in a baby carriage, but it's not her child. Chaplan tried to put the baby back where he found it, but a police officer comes and yells at him. Chaplan takes the baby, gives it to a man, and then runs away. The man puts the baby in the same woman's baby carriage. Chaplan then walks by the same woman and she hits him with an umbrella and explains to the same police officer who happens to be walking by what happened. Chaplan again takes the baby. He reads a note that came with the baby explaining that it is an orphan and asking for whoever finds it to care for it.
The video begins with Charlie Chaplin strolling down an alley while people throw things down on the street from above. He then stops to light a cigarette and notices a baby on the ground. He takes the baby and tries to find who abandoned it. He then stumbles upon a pram and puts the baby in it, only for the mother to scold him and tell him it is not her baby. Flummoxed, he attempts to return the baby to the spot where he found them. However a policeman appears and notices what he is doing, and Charlie immediately picks the baby back up and heads off. He then happens upon an elderly man who he dupes into taking the baby by pretending to tie his shoelaces before running off. The elderly man, after failing to catch up with Charlie, then also finds the pram and puts the baby in it before walking off. Charlie walks down the street carefree past the pram only to be seen by the mother who angrily chases him down the street and hits him with an umbrella, thinking he has attempted to once again pass the burden of the baby onto her. The policeman gets involved so Charlie, defeated, takes the baby once more and sits on the street curb by a drain. He momentarily considers putting the baby in the drain and leaving however discovers a note in the baby's clothes begging for its finder to look after it, for it is an orphan. Taken aback, Charlie decides to keep the baby and walks off with it off camera, with uplifting music beginning to play in the background.
In this scene, Charlie Chaplin plays the role of a destitute man wandering a back alley who stumbles upon an orphan child on the street. The scene is a series of events where Chaplin portrays the man as attempting to get rid of the baby, giving it to other people, trying to put it back, etc. After repeatedly failing to do so, Chaplin sits with the baby on a curb and finds a note in its wrappings. After reading the note, Chaplin seems to decide on caring for the child after all.
A man is walking along in an alleyway, smoking a cigar. Around a corner, behind a trashcan, he sees a baby lying on the ground, swaddled in blankets. The man is extremely confused, and looks around to see if he can find out where the baby came from, or if someone mistakenly left it there. He picks the baby up in his arms, walks around, and notices a baby carriage a few feet away. He walks over and places the baby in the carriage. A woman comes out of the building and sees him standing by the carriage, which belongs to her. He believes that she left the child there, but she insists that the child is not hers. He tries to put the baby behind the trashcan again, but after seeing a police officer, picks the baby back up. He then gives the baby to another man and quickly runs away. The other man tries to follow, and sees the baby carriage, then places the baby inside. The woman comes out and sees the baby in her carriage again, and then sees the first man, and believes he was the one to put the baby in the carriage. He takes the baby again. He debates about putting the baby in a storm drain, but decides against it. He sees a note on the baby. The note reads that the baby is orphaned and should be taken care of with love. Upon reading the note, the man, smiles at the baby. Then he takes the baby and walks away.
In this short clip we see Charlie Chaplin's character in a slum. He walks towards the camera whilst derbies fall from the buildings. He looks down, and sees next to a dustbin, an abandoned baby. He picks it up and tries to place it in a parked pram. The owner of the pram, however, catches him in the act. Charlie has to take his newfound orphan and try and give it to someone else. He walks down an alleyway and passes the baby to an old man with a walking stick. Charlies character pretends to do his laces and then runs away and hides. The old man then places the baby, after some time, back into the pram we saw from earlier. The old women leaves the shop where the pram is parked outside to see an extra baby in the pram. As she does this, Charlies character is skipping past. She runs after him and beats him with an umbrella.
As Charlie Chaplin walked down the street one day, he didn't expect to be littered upon or to find an abandoned baby. He was certainly bothered by the trash thrown at him. But, even more, he didn't know what to do with the baby. In a humorous and lighthearted clip Chaplin searched for an inconspicuous place to leave the baby and even attempted to place it in another baby's stroller. Near the end of the clip Chaplin bounces between two extremes, throwing the baby down the sewer and actually feeling sympathy for the child. This change of heart came after Chaplin found a letter in the baby's blanket asking for him to care for the orphan child. In the end, Chaplin appeared to have a "normal" human reaction and accept responsibility to care for the baby at least temporarily.
Charlie is walking down the street and gets hit by some debris.  He stops to smoke a cigarette and sees a baby lying on the ground by the trash.  At that moment, a lady with a stroller walks by and goes into a building.  Charlie picks up the abandoned baby and takes it over to the stroller and puts it in.  The lady returns outside and yells at Charlie.  He takes the baby out of the stroller and goes to put it back in the alley where he found it.  As he's putting the baby down, a police man walks up behind him.  Charlie picks the baby back up and walks away.  As he's walking down the street, he sees an old man and gives him the baby and runs away.  The old man doesn't know what to do with the baby but he sees a stroller and puts the baby in it.  It happens to belong to the same woman as before and when she realizes there are two babies in her stroller she sees Charlie and thinks that he has done it again.  She begins to beat him with her umbrella until the policeman returns.  Charlie doesn't want any trouble, so he takes the baby and leaves.  He sits down on the curb with the baby and thinks about dropping it down the street drain.  Something pricks his finger and he finds a note that says, please love this orphan child.  His attitude changes and he starts to smile and play with the baby.  He gets up and walks away with the child.
A man wearing ill-fitting clothes was walking down an alley. During his walk he repeated had garbage thrown out of windows onto him. Eventually, he came across an abandoned baby who was placed on the ground in the alley next to some trash. He felt bad for the abandoned baby so he picked it up and carried it for a while thinking about what to do. Later he came across a stroller with another baby so he placed the abandoned baby into the stroller and tried to walk away without being seen; however, the mother of the baby in the stroller saw him and quickly removed the abandoned baby and returned it to the man. The man didn't know what now to do with the baby so he tried to return the baby to the original spot where he found it. As he was putting down the baby, a police officer walked by and gave the man an angry look, causing the man to pick up the baby and act like nothing was going on. Out of ideas, the man walked throughout the streets trying to think of what to do with the baby until he came across a man who was walking alone. He politely asked the man to hold the baby while he tied his shoes, and then suddenly sprinted off so that the other man was stuck with the baby now. The other man also happened to cross paths with the mother with the stroller and he also placed the abandoned baby into the stroller and walked off. The mother once again looked angered by this and coincidentally saw the original man walking by and gave the abandoned baby to him. He then took the baby and walked off and saw down on the curb looking defeated. While sitting there with the baby in his arms he found a note within the blankets wrapped around the baby. It said to take care of the orphan baby. The man looked sad yet hopeful for a better future for the baby. The end.
A man is walking in a run-down neighborhood. As he passes under a window, a load of small objects comes flying out and falls over him into the street. He reacts angrily. Then he stops, takes a cigarette out of a box from his inside coat pocket, takes off his gloves, strikes a match on the heel of his shoe, and lights the cigarette. He throws his gloves into the trash can beside him. Then he notices a baby wrapped in a blanket lying on the ground against the brick wall of the alley he's in. He glances closer at the baby, looks up around him as if to see whether anyone at a window nearby might be looking for a baby, and finally picks up the baby, just as a woman with a perambulator comes into the alley. He spots her and tries to hail her, but she parks the perambulator and slips away somewhere between a staircase and a wall. The man carries the baby toward the perambulator and puts the baby into it just as the woman comes back. He thinks he's returned the baby to where it came from, but the woman shouts at him, indicating that he's wrong. There's already another infant in the perambulator. The man takes the baby out again and hurries away with it. He makes to put the baby back where he found it, but then he realizes a policeman is watching him, so he picks the baby back up and walks off. He goes around the corner, sees a man walking down the street, and puts the baby in his arms. He pretends to tie his shoelace, as if that was why he needed someone to hold the baby, but then he bolts, leaving the second man with the baby. The second man walks off in a hurry, sees the same perambulator as before left outside an open doorway, and deposits the baby in it. Meanwhile, the first man has hidden in a building back in the alley. When he comes out, he comes face to face with the policeman again and hurries off. Meanwhile, the woman has emerged from the shop and finds the second baby in her perambulator again. Just then, the first man walks by, and she, believing he's put the baby in her perambulator again, chases after him, knocks him down by hitting him on the head with her umbrella, and then beats him about the head with the umbrella, dragging him back to the perambulator. She points at the baby, insisting he take it back. The policeman arrives to see what the commotion is all about, and the man, not wanting to get in trouble, takes the baby and goes off again. He drops his cane in the gutter and sits down on the curb to retrieve it. He remains seated, though, lifts the grate of the storm sewer, and considers throwing the baby in for a moment before closing the grate. Then he sticks his hand into the blanket the baby is wrapped in and finds a note that reads, "Please love and care for this orphan child." He seems to feel a sudden tenderness for the baby. He smiles at it and then stands up and walks off with the baby in his arms.
A man, Chaplin, is walking down an alley and is struck with debris from a window above him. As his dusts himself off and lights another cigarette, he finds an abandoned baby. A woman passes through the alley with a stroller, so he returns the baby to her. Unfortunately, this is not her child and scolds Chaplin for attempting to stray away from his child. Chaplin then puts the baby back to where he found it, but he approached by a policeman and picks back up the baby. After handing it off to a stranger who places the baby back into the woman from the alley's stroller, Chaplin walks by, is chased down and beaten senseless by the woman, and the baby is returned to Chaplin. Hopeless and bruised, Chaplin sits with the baby on the street debating what to do. Holding the baby, he finds a note in its swaddling clothes. It reads: Please love and care for this child. Chaplin then begins to cradle and smile at the child, finally finding purpose in his haphazard life.
The man with the mustache is walking through the alley when out of nowhere things start falling on him from the surrounding roofs.  He stops, pulls out a tin containing his half smoked cigars and finds a suitable one to smoke and packs it down.  He places the cigar in his mouth, lights a match using the bottom of his boot and starts to puff.  While enjoying his afternoon smoke he gazes down and sees a baby on the ground next to a trash bin.  The man looks at the crying baby and wonders to himself where the infant could have come from.  A woman walks past with a large stroller with a child in it and tries to wave her down.  He assumes the baby belongs to her and places the child in the woman's stroller.  The woman turns around to find this strange man doing this and tells him to take the baby away with him.  After grabbing the wrong child and being corrected by the woman, the man walks back to the place where he found the child and is approached by a police officer.  To the officer it appears that the man is trying to abandon the child in the alley so he flees the scene swiftly.  He tricks a man into holding the child while he pretends to tie his shoe and runs away.  The elderly man who was tricked places the baby in the same woman's stroller while the mustached man hides.  Not knowing the elderly man had placed the baby in the stroller the man walks past the angry woman and is chased with an umbrella.  They get into an argument about who the baby belongs to when the police officer intervenes.  The man scurries away with the child and sits on the street next to a water drain.  He opens the drain to see if the baby will fit so he can finally get rid of this burden when he finds a letter in the babies blanket that reads "Please love and take care of this orphan baby."  The man smiles, rises from the street with the baby and walks away happy.
A man walks through an alley way where people are dumping their trash from the second floor onto the street, and as he comes closer to the camera lens, a pile of trash is dumped onto him. He rifles through this cigarette tin to find a smoke, lights it, and tosses the match and his gloves into the trash. Just as he intends to be on his way, he looks down to find a crying infant. He picks up the child, and sees a woman walk by with a stroller. He chases after her. As she goes inside of a house he places the infant in the stroller, but, the woman turns around and motions for him to take the baby back. He takes the child back to set down where he found it, and while doing so a police officer enters the scene. He immediately picks up the child so as to not be in trouble with the law. Walking along, he sees another man and asks him to hold the baby. He pretends to tie his shoe once his hands are free, and then runs away leaving the baby with the stranger. The stranger begins to run to find a place to put the child, seeing a stroller with another baby in it, he places the child in there and runs off. The same woman from before walks out to see the two infants in her baby carriage when only moments  later the first man is seen walking past the stroller. She chases after him and beats him with her umbrella. The police officer walks back into the scene as the two are presumably arguing about the baby, and the man takes the baby back. He sits down on the sidewalk with the child, sees a storm drain, thinking of putting the baby inside. He decides against it, and then finds a note safety pinned to the baby's swaddle - "Please love and care for this orphan child." He looks at the note, then at the child, and begins to smile for the first time in the clip. He takes the child and they walk away, one can only assume they are headed home together, and the scene ends.
Mr. Chaplin, wearing a half-decent suit, was casually strolling down a back alley, avoiding trash and debris that people were tossing out of their windows down to the trash cans below that he was next to. As one of the people dropped their trash right on top of him basically, his cigar was knocked out of his hand. He stepped away and then begun digging in his tobacco tin to find another one to smoke, having to sift through 4 or 5 half smoked cigars he had left in there. He removed his gloves to light it, and for some reason decided to trash the gloves afterward. He then peeked over to his left and discovered a baby bundled up inn rags crying next to another trash can. Turning around, he saw a woman with a carriage and another baby. He ran over to her and tried to leave the baby he found in the carriage with the baby already in it, however the woman rushed up to him and began shooing him away as it was not her baby. Mr. Chaplin then thought he'd go put the baby back where he found it, but a police officer happened to wander by and give him a stare as if to say "what the hell are you doing leaving a baby there!?" So Mr. Chaplin quickly picked the baby back up and started retracing his steps to see if he could find the baby's parents or someone more suited to take care of the baby. He found a not so clean elderly man in a suit with a cane and handed him the baby, then took off running. Ironically the man he gave the baby too, discovered the woman with the carriage from before and left the baby in the carriage as Mr. Chaplin had done before. Mr. Chaplin then happened to run into the police officer again and began walking quickly in the other direction, which happened to be just beyond the woman and the carriage. As the woman turned each direction to try and find whoever had left the baby in her carriage again, she spotted Mr. Chaplin and chased him down, knocking him to the ground and then pummeling him with her umbrella, as she was under the impression it was Mr. Chaplin who had tried to sneak the baby into her carriage for a second time. She demanded he take the baby back when the police officer wanders by again. Mr. Chaplin, afraid he would be in trouble, took the baby back and walked away from both the woman and police officer. He found a curb to sit on near a storm drain. He looked at the storm drain, then back at the baby, then back at the storm drain, thinking to himself... "what if..." However, his better senses prevailed and he looked at the baby thinking, "I could never do that to you!" He then found a note in the rags covering the baby that read, "Please love and care for this orphan child." Joyful music began to play in the background as he cradled the baby and started walking back to his home to provide at least a temporary place to care for the sweet child.
Charlie Chaplin walked along a side street as residents tossed garbage out of their windows.  Some garbage hit Chaplin, and he responded angrily, calling the person an "awkward ass."  He then removed a tin from his pocket, and removed a cigar from it, took off his gloves, lit the cigar, and looked to his left where he saw a crying baby.  He searched for the baby's parents, and brought it to a random woman with a baby carriage.  She angrily told him the baby wasn't hers, and forced him to remove it.  Chaplin proceeded to try and abandon the baby, but was was forced to keep it because a police officer threatened to arrest him.  He then left the baby with a homeless man, who abandoned the baby with the woman with the carriage again.  The woman with the carriage assumed that Chaplin had abandoned the baby again, and complained to a police officer about Chaplin's actions.  Chaplin, fearing potential of legal recourse, sat on a street corner pondering what to do with the child.  He discovered a message in the blanket the child was wrapped in asking that someone care for the orphaned child.  Chaplin then stood up and walked away, taking the child with him.
The man was walking and randomly some bricks fell from the top of a building. He looked up to see how'd it fall but couldn't find anything. A few feet further, he saw a baby laying on the ground, wrapped up, by himself. He picked the baby up and looked for the caretaker, but no one was around. Then, a mother with a carriage, already carrying one baby, passed by, so he immediately assumed it must be hers and dropped the abandoned baby in the carriage. She freaked out, and took the baby out. He tried to give the baby up a few more times, but in the end, he decided to keep it and care for it as he found a note saying to do so for the orphan child.
Charlie Chaplin, with a cane and cigar, walks by a home while someone is sweeping debris out of the window.  He moves to avoid getting hit.  Ge adjusts his hat, bends his cane, and is hit by debris from a different angle.  He looks around to see from where the material came and then takes his cigarette holder out of his pocket.  He rummages around in the tin before taking out a cigarette, tapping it on the closed tin, and placing it in his mouth.   He finds his matches in his pocket but removes his gloves before striking one on the sole of his shoe.  He then throws the match in a trash can, followed by his gloves.  He looks down and sees a crying baby wrapped in a blanket.  He inspects the baby, looks up at the buildings, and picks the baby up at the same time a woman turns the corner with a pram carrying a small child.  He runs after the woman and places the baby in the pram with her child when she steps away.  She returns and tells him that it is not her baby and she leaves with the pram and child.  Chaplin remains holding the infant.  He places the baby back on the ground where it was found just as a police officer appears behind him.  When Chaplin turns and sees the officer, he picks the baby up again and walks away.  He sees an old man and stops beside him, handing him the baby and pretending to fix his shoe.  He then runs away and the old man, stuck with the baby, follows.  He hides in a shed and the old man places the baby in the woman's pram with her older child as she has once again stepped away.  Chaplin leaves the shed and attempts to go back the way he came but runs into the officer again.  He turns around and makes his way to the street, passing the pram as the woman notices she has the baby.  She chases after him and beats him with her umbrella before dragging him back to the pram.  While arguing about the infant, the police officer arrives and Chaplin takes the baby and returns to the alley with the homes.  The woman with the pram leaves and the officer remains on the sidewalk.  Chaplin drops his cane and sits down on the curb to pick it up.  It is here that he notices the storm drain and raises the grate, looks at the baby, and closes the grate once again.  He finds a slip of paper, attached to the blanket wrapped around the baby, which says to love and care for the orphan.  He then cradles the baby, picks up his cane, and walks away with a smile.
Charlie Chaplin enters, walking down the street and smoking a cigarette. Some stuff falls on his head from a window above, and knocks the cigarette to the ground. He looks for a new one from a small case in his pocket. He takes off his gloves and throws them in a trashcan on the side of the alley. Suddenly, he sees a baby wrapped in blankets laying near the trash cans. He picks up the baby and, wanting to get rid of it, places it in the baby carriage of a woman nearby. She rejects him, and he tries to put the baby back in the alley, but a police man stops him from leaving the baby there. He then tries to pass the baby off to another man walking down the street, and this man tries the same trick of dropping off the baby in the woman's baby carriage. The second man runs away, and the woman blames Charlie, giving the baby back to him. At the end, Charlie sits with the baby on the curb, and finds a note that says the baby is an orphan, and leaves the last scene carrying the baby.
Charlie Chaplin was walking down an alley. People from the homes above were throwing trash onto the alley which almost hit Charlie as he was walking. At the end of the street he did ultimately get hit by trash which someone threw from the window above. He then decided to pull out a box of old cigars and smoke them. It looked like it was a cloudy day out or there was a lot of smoke in the air, despite the film being in black and white.
Charles Chaplin is a walking in a street and things are being thrown out of windows around him. He is smoking and playing with is cane, then stops to look around and light a cigar.  The throws his gloves in the garbage, looks around and finds a baby laying by a garbage can. He picks up the baby then sees a woman pushing a stroller and puts that baby in her stroller. The baby is not hers, they argue.  As he is putting the baby back on the ground a police office comes, so he picks up the baby and runs off. He hands the baby over to an older man who then sees the woman pushing the stroller and puts the baby back in the stroller. Chaplin walks by and the woman chases him. He takes the baby back, sits on the curb of the road and finds a note in the babys blanket. The baby is an orphan. He seems happier with the situation, cuddles the baby and walks off happily.
