Charles Chaplis is a on famous person. He was wearing a suit and a cane. In this  video story, we can see him. He tries to get to rid of a baby, but it is impossible.  <br/> Charles Chaplis is hopeless to get rid of the baby. He tries  to put the baby in the cart of a one mother. He tries leave the baby on the floor but the police come and he picked up the baby again. More late, he tries to leave the baby in the hands of an older man. Finally, he reads a letter and stay with the enchanted baby.
Charles Chaplin is walking in the street and he find a baby on the floor. <br/> Chaplin take the baby and he give him to a women with a baby cart with two places, this women give back the baby to chaplin  because he isn't her baby. <br/> Later he leave the baby on the floor street, and scape to the situation. <br/> Another men, find the baby and walking with him until he find the same baby cart and put him inside, while his mom is at the shop. <br/> Shortly after, when the mom leave to the shop, Charles go near of the cart baby and the mom take the baby and give back him to Chaplin. <br/> Finally Chaplin care and love to baby.
Charles Chaplin is walking when he finds an abandoned child, later he thinks it belongs to a woman who was walking her baby in her stroller, however the woman tells him that this child is not hers. As the baby is not the lady's, Chaplin puts it back in its place but a policeman sees it and says that he cannot abandon it.  Then he finds an older man and cheats on him by giving him the child then this older man gives the child to the lady and the lady thinks that it was Charles Chaplin again so he beats him.  In the end, Charles Chaplin gives up and decides to keep the baby when he sees a note from his mother telling him to love him.
Here is a summary of the video of  Charles Chaplin. We have a mixature of the good and the bad because at the beggining of the video  Charles Chaplin was trying to leave the baby that found in the street  . Finally Charles Charles Chaplin  decides to take baby when  he found a letter that said " care and love this orphan baby" then he laugh and decided to take care of  the baby  and this is the good part of the video.
There was a man, Charles Chaplin who was smoking a ciggarette and suddenly he found a lonely baby. <br/> After he took the baby and looking for his or her parents, then he saw a woman with a buggy, so he thought that baby was her, however she had already another child and he tried dropped the child in the buggy, but woman said: pardon me, you dropped something, then he took the child again. <br/> There was another moment, where he tried to leave in the same street, but one policeman appeared, so he took the baby again. <br/> while he was walking with the child, he saw a man and he give the baby and he ran. This man saw the same woman before and he leave the baby in the buggy and he ran, when she found two babies look around and she saw to Charles Chaplin and as the policeman was there, he had to take the baby. <br/> The last time he tried leave the child in the street, but suddenly look a note, where it says: Please love and care for this orphan child. <br/> Therefore he kept the orphan baby.
Charles Chaplin was walking when he found a baby on the floor. He thought that the baby was from a woman who passed near him with a carriage but the woman got angry when he put the baby on the carriage. Then he kept looking for someone who might have left the baby on the floor. After finding no one he left the baby to a man who was on the street and ran out but this man left out the baby in the same carriage aas before. So, when Charles pass near the women, the women was very hungry and call to the police man. Finally, Chaplin was with the baby again and found a note inside the clothes of the baby that said that take care with love that orphan baby. He felt sorry for the baby and kept it
Chaplin was walking on the street when he found a baby laying on the floor. A woman was passing by, and as Chaplin thought he was her baby, he ran over to give it to her. The woman got very angry and he come back to lay the kid back again on the floor, but a police man arrived just in time, and Chaplis carry on the little boy again and he left hurried. <br/> Walking on the street, Chaplin found an old man, and making him believe that he had stained his shoe, he gave him the baby for a moment, but he left running. The old man passed in front of the same woman, and he left the baby in the baby carriage and left. When Chaplin walks in front of the lady, she get very angry again and she forced him to take the child. <br/> Since he had no place to leave the child, he sat on the street and he thought on laying the baby in the sewers, but he regret it. Then he pricked himself with something and looking through the child's clothes he found a note that said: "Please, love and care for this orphan child"
