This video is starring Charles Chaplin. First, he is walking down the street with some misfortunes when he finds a baby in the trash. After, he sees a baby cart with a lady, so he think that the baby is hers and Charles places the baby in the baby cart. Nevertheless, the baby isn't hers, so she attack to Charles. Moreover, Chaplin tries to trick a man to give him the baby, but this man returns the baby to the baby cart. When Chaplin thinks that he has got to return the baby, the lady accuse him of gives hers the baby with a police. Finally, Charles sees a little letter inside the baby where it says please take care of my son, so he decides to care the baby.
In this black and white video of Chaplin, Firstly,  we can see Chapin walking and smoking quietly, until a pot falls over him, he lights a new cigarette and and tries to continue on his way, when he sees an abandoned baby on the ground. Quickly picks up the baby and hands it to a woman who was passing. The angry woman denies that the baby is hers and makes him take it back. Later, while he is trying to leave the child where he had found it, a policeman arrives and concealingly picks up the child again and runs to a man, to whom he gives it while touching his shoes and running away. Caplin hides and the man leaves the baby in a cart. Then Caplin goes through the cart and the angry woman again yells at him to take the child away. Because of the police return Caplin takes the child and not knowing what to do with him, he sits down and finds a note from the baby's mother between the blankets. Finally this affects him and he decides to keep the baby.
Charles walks along an old street when he finds a baby. He took the baby and places it in a lady’s baby carriage. The lady returns it and she tries to leave him where he found, but when he saw a policeman he gets the baby back and gives it to a homeless. The homeless leaves the baby again in the lady’s baby carriage, at that time passes Charles and and give him the baby again that the homeless limps because the policeman is next to him. Charles leaves with the baby and he realizes   that the baby carries a letter asking that to love the orphaned baby. At the end Charles keeps the baby.
Charlie Chaplin was walking in the street while he found a baby on the ground. He did not know where the baby comes from. He tried to find it but he did not get it. He thought that the solution is giving the baby to a woman, but the woman did not want another one. Secondly, Charlie Chaplin gave the baby to and old man but he did not want him. The old man put the baby in the same place as Charlie Chaplin did: with the woman and her baby. The woman thought that it was Chaplin again and hit him. Charlie Chaplin tries to leave the baby where he found him but a police saw him and he couldn't do it. Finally, he takes care of the baby and finds a paper: the baby is orphan.
In this video Charles Chaplin appears walking through a neighborhood that seems to be at war, or at least with nutritional deficiencies. Walking there, he finds a baby on the floor, a baby he tries to get rid of by giving it to other people, but the poor child always ends up returning to him. Finally, when he is no longer sure of what to do, he reads a letter that was on the child's clothes, in which he said "give love to this orphan child".
A guy that's been in such street was furl by Chaplin. Chaplin had missfortune when he wanted leave the child with a madame she didn't accept the baby. Chaplin give up and a polizeman comed for him. Chaplin that doesn't know what he want a do pick up again the baby and he run away. In his fuge, he founded a old man and take him the baby. Now Champlin runs and hides into a doorway, the polize found him and the old man. He goes out the street and found again the baby-car's madame and left the baby. The lady sees that harasses, the polizeman comes back too and Champlin is forced to carry of the baby. Later he could read a postcard that says that baby was an orphan child.
IN THIS VIDEO I COULD WATCH A FUNNY FILM OF FUNNY ACTOR AS CHARLES CHAPLIN. IN THE VIDEO CHAPLIN FOUND A CHILD BETWEEN GARBAGE IN STREET WHEN A POLICEMAN SAW HIM LEAVING THE BABY ON THE STREET BEHIND GARBAGE, SO CHAPLIN PICKED UP THE CHILD AGAIN AND TOOK HIM WITH HIM. AFTER CHAPLIN WILL TRY TO PUT  THE CHILD INSIDE THE BABY'S CAR OF A LADY BUT SHE CHATCHES HIM AND GIVES A LIFT WITH UMBRELLA. SO FINALLY CHAPLIN FOUND A LETTER INSIDE THE BABY'S BLANKET THAT SAYS: "PLEASE LOVE AND CARE FOR THIS ORPHAN CHILD".
In this video Charles Chaplin finds a baby in a corner and he thinks that  he is property of a woman walking around and gives him to her, but he is not a child of  the woman and Charles leaves and leaves him in the same corner but he finds the police while he is doing it and has to leave with the child <br/> After he gives him to a person walking by and runs, and the person thinking again that is property of de woman, gives the baby to her. She sees Charles again and gives him to him. <br/> Eventually Charles reads in a note that the baby is orphan and decides to stay with him
First, Charles Chaplin is on a street in a poor old town. He is smoking and suddenly objects fall from above. He is amazed and takes out a case where he carries cigarettes and lights one. Next, he throws his gloves in a bin. When he leaves, he finds an abandoned baby crying next to buckets. Chaplin, tries to look for the parents, but he doesn’t see anyone, so he takes it. In those moments, an old woman passes with a baby car and another baby, then he thinks it’s hers, addresses the woman and put the baby in the baby car. Then they argue and Charles takes the baby and they leave. Next, he leaves it back where he found it, but a police see him and brings it again.  <br/> Second, when he was walking down the street, he sees a man. He gives him the baby and ties his shoelaces. When he finished, he runs out and hides, then the man leaves the baby in the lady’s baby car that Charles had found at first. When Chaplin leaves his hideout, he passes carelessly down the street where the lady was with the baby car and the two babies, they argue again, the policeman arrives and immediately he takes the baby back and sits on a sidewalk. Right next to it is a sewer, he grabs it and thinks about throwing the baby over there but realizes that the child has a note between his blankets, he reads it. <br/> Finally he thinks that the best thing is to stay with the baby and take care of it.
In this video we can see Charles Chaplin typical short film which is always black and white, mute and where he always plays the same role. In this one, Chaplin is walking down the street, which is in very bad conditions, and suddenly finds a baby laying on the floor and he decides to hold him so he can see if someone left it there for some reason but he finally realizes that someone has abandoned him so he tries to give it to a mother who also has another baby. She gets really angry with Chaplin and doesn't accept the baby so Chaplin decides to bring the baby back to the place where he found him. When he finally gets rid of the baby he finds out that there's a policeman right behind him, so he has to take the baby again and bring it with him. This time he tries to cheat a man by giving him the baby so he can tie his shoelaces and when the man is not looking he starts running. The man started chasing Chaplin to give him his baby back but he couldn't reach him so, this man decides to give the baby to the same woman but this time he left him on the baby cart while she was not paying attention. Then, Chaplin casually went through that same street because he was being chased by the policeman since he didn't have the baby with him, so when this woman saw Chaplin, she started to kick him with an umbrella and Chapin finally took the baby with him since he didn't have another choice. Then, he sat on the sidewalk and saw that the baby had a note with him asking for love and care because he was an orphan so Chaplin finally decided to take the baby with him.
In this video we can see Charles Chaplin walking around a street where there are people in their windows throwing rubish, so he continues walking and he decides to stop to smoke and then suddenlly he finds a baby. So he hold the baby and sees a woman with a baby carriage and a baby, and he decides to leave his baby in that cart. The women realises what he did and renturns the baby to him.  <br/> Because of that wasn't his baby he decides to leave him where he found, but a police sees him leaving him and thinks Charles was abandoning the baby, so he hold him again. And when he sees a man walking he quickly gives to him and run away. This other man didn't know what to do with this baby and see the baby carriage of the previous woman and leaves him there. Minutes after, Charles was walking in front of this woman, and she started to shout to him bacause she thinks he leave the baby in her carriage again, so he hold the baby and starts to think any way of getting rid of him until he find a letter which says to love and care that orphan child. So at the end Charles Chaplin decides to stay with the baby.
well the video is about the famous charlie chaplin finding an abandoned child on the street, he tries to get rid of him in a thousand different ways such as giving him to an older man, or thinking of leaving him in a sewer, but the child always return to him for many difirrents reason like a policeman that see charly trying to left the baby in the street again, finally chaplin gives way because he reads a note that came with the baby and stays with him
While Chaplin was taking a walk through a place that seemed to be under construction, he found a baby lying on the floor. He didn't know where the baby came from so when a woman passed whit a baby carriage Chaplin tried to give the baby to her but she refused and started arguing with he. After the woman lelf Chaplin decided to leave the baby where he found him but this didn't work because a police man appeared and he had to take the baby again. Later Chaplin saw a men and he gave him the baby and ran away, he thought he had made it but the man who he had given the baby gave it to the woman with the baby carriage, she saw Chaplin there and starte hiting him because she thought he left the baby there. Chaplin had to take over again the baby but then he found that in the baby's clothes there was a paper which said “give love to this orphan baby”, this apparently melted Chaplin's heart and he decided to keep the baby.
At the beginning of the video, we can see a man, who we think is Chaplin. He is walking through an alley, when a trash can fall in his head. After that, Chaplin grabs a cigarette and lights it with the sole of his shoe. Also he throws the gloves in the trash. Suddenly, Chaplin find a baby crying in the alley, and check if someone is around. While he takes de baby, a woman turns the corner with a car baby. Chaplin sees her and chase her, returning the baby to the car, saying "pardon me , you dropped something". The angry woman tells him to take it away, so we can supose that is not her baby. Chaplin takes the baby and run away. Chaplin decides to return the baby to the place where he found it, but for his bad luck, a police officer appear. When Chaplin see him, he takes the baby again and run away, meeting an old man whom she gives the baby and run away, hiding to the old man, who return the baby to the car baby after didnt find Chaplin. Chaplin comes out the hiding an meet the police officer and running away from him. The previous woman find the baby in her car baby again and see Chaplin walking down the street, and chases him with an umbrella and hits him with that, making him come back for the baby. The police officer appear again, and the woman explain him that Chaplin put a foreing baby in her car baby, so Chaplin takes again and the baby and run away. He don't know how to do, and sits on the sidewalk, next to a sewer. Chaplin takes a letter from the inside of the baby's clothes, which says "please love and care for this orphan baby". After read it, Chaplin look at the baby, and smile him. We can think Chaplin takes love to the baby after all.
Charles Chaplin was walking in the street, when something fell on his head, he looked aroung, and the only thing he found was a baby on the floor. He caught the baby and he was so surprised, Charles serched for someone who would be the mother or the father, and he found a women with a cart with a baby, he put the baby next to the other, but the women said that one baby wasn't her, so Charles went back when he found the baby, and when he saw the police he started to walk. He tricked a men to stay with the baby, but all of these wasn't effective because the baby returned to be in his arms again. Then, Charles looked a letter which said that the baby was orphaned and he hug him.
This video is about a man (Charles Chaplin) who is walking down the street and suddenly he finds a little baby crying in the ground that has been abandoned. The man takes the baby and he tries to give it to a woman when she is not aware of it. He lets the baby inside the woman's baby carriage, but the woman notices it so she gives the baby back to the man because she doesn't want it. He sees a policeman that is taking a walk so he conceals. Then, he sees a man and he asks for him to hold the baby while he ties up his shoes and suddenly he (Chaplin) runs out so the man stays with the baby. The man makes the same tactic about the woman's baby carriage that Chaplin did before and he gets to scape from keeping the baby. Chaplin passes next to that woman who has seen already the baby and she starts to follow him to give him back the baby, and finally she reaches him. Chaplin doesn't know what to do anymore so he sits down on the ground with the baby on his arms and suddenly he sees a note that the baby has inside his clothes and it says that the person who found that orphan baby took care of him and loved him, so Chaplin heeds it and stays with the baby at the end.
Chaplin was walking on the street where people throw objects out the window, then he takes out a box with cigarette butts, he takes one in his mouth and throw away his gloves, when suddenly he sees a baby in the street while a woman was walking with a baby carriage, so he thinks that that baby was hers but it wasn't. <br/> He tries to get rid of the baby, but he can't. <br/> After he sees a note in the baby's clothes, he decides to take care of it.
This video is about Charles Chaplin. He finds a baby on the street, but he saw a woman with a child cart and he thought it was woman's baby, so he decided to give him to the woman. But the woman's baby was already on the cart and she got really angry with Charles. He tried to leave the baby in the street again, but a kind of policeman arrived and he had to pick him again. He gave the baby to an old man, and he started to run. This old man left the baby with the woman earlier mentioned, but she saw Charles and she gave the baby to him again. At the end of that video, Charles saw that the baby had a note asking for help and for taking care of the baby, so he decided to take care of this abandoned baby.
Chaplin is walking down the street and while he is smoking a cigarette, he came across a baby. Then she saw a woman with a baby carriage and return him to her but when the woman saw the baby she gave it back to Chaplin because he wasn't her child. While Chaplin is thinking what to do with the baby, he saw an old man. Chaplin gave the baby to the old man and he ran away. However, the old man return the baby to the woman with the baby carriage. When the woman saw him again, she gave back to Chaplin, who discover a letter between the clothes of the baby where it said that he is an orphan.
This short film tell us a story about how a man (Chaplin) found an orphan child. The story starts with the man smoking a cigar and  some pots fall over him. He find the baby next to the rubbish and the man takes the child. He tries to find out who let the kid there, and then a woman with a baby cart passes next to him and the man tries to give her the baby, but it doesn't work. He put the baby back to the floor but a policeman sees it and the man hold the orphan again. After this, he gives the baby to another man, who put the kid in the baby cart of the first woman. Chaplin passes next to the woman and she tells him to take the baby. He has to take the kid, he thinks about leave him, but suddenly he find a letter in the baby's clothes that says to love and care about the child, and finally Chaplin keeps the orphan.
In this video we can see Chaplin walking on a street while he is smoking. While he was walking he saw a baby and thought that someone lost his/her baby and some seconds later he saw a woman looking for something and Chaplin thought it was the baby so he carried the baby to the woman but he was wrong, the woman was looking other thing, so Chaplin wanted to leave the baby at the same place but a police watched what he was doing and he carried the baby again and went to another place where he saw a man. So Chaplin told the man to carry the baby while he was cleaning his boots and when the man was'nt looking he ran away. The man didn't know what to do with the baby so when he saw the woman with the trolley that Chaplin saw previously, he left the baby there and went away. <br/> Some minutes later Chaplin was walking over there and the woman give him the baby again. Chaplin sat and read a letter that the baby was holding, in which it was writing: Please love and care for this orphan child. And at the end Chaplin left with the baby on his arm.
In this video we can see a man walking through the street and a woman throwing through the window some things. Suddenly, the man starts to smoke and in that moment he found a baby laying and crying on the floor. It seems that someone had left him there. Behind him, a woman appears with another baby, and the man gives her the baby he found thinking it could be hers. The woman denies him and the man comes back to the place he found him and put him on the floor, however a policeman appears and the man takes the baby again. Lately the man comes across an old man, he gives him the baby and run away. The old man comes across  with the other baby and puts them together. The woman suddenly appears again and sees the man; she runs to him and hit him. Again, the policeman appears and she starts to accuse him of leaving the baby, so the man takes the baby and goes away. He sits down with the baby and found a note in the baby's clothes in which he reads "please love and care for this orphan baby"
In the video that I have been able to see, we see a piece of a movie starring Chaplin. The protagonist is walking down the street while smoking. In the scene we can see a woman throwing objects out the window. Walking through a place where there is garbage, he picks up another cigarette and while smoking it, he finds a baby on the ground abandoned. He decides to pick it up and at that moment he finds a woman with a stroller for two babies. Seeing that this woman only had one baby in the cart, he places it in the other part of it, thinking that it would belong to the woman. The woman returns the baby to him because it was not hers. Not finding his parents, he places him where he was but at that moment, a policeman appears so he must pick up the baby again so as not to be scolded by the agent. Walking down the street, he gives the baby to a man who passes by. The man, not wanting the baby, casually places the baby in the stroller of the woman who appeared earlier. When the woman realized that the baby was back in the stroller, she blames Chaplin. In addition, the policeman appears, so Chaplin keeps the baby. At the end we see how the baby carried a note that said take care of him. Chaplin decides to stay with him permanently.
This story starts with a man, who is walking and somebody is throwing "things" from the balcony. Suddenly, he finds a baby in the floor of the street. So, he takes it, and tries to look for somebody that could belong that baby. He sees a woman, with a baby carriage, and thinks about the baby he has could be of that woman too. But when he leaves the baby in the car, the woman gets really angry, and they take over.  <br/> He's going to leave the baby in the same place where he found it, but a police man sees it. So he knows he couldn't do that. <br/> The man, continue up looking somebody to give the baby, and he cheats an old man. That old man surprinsigly meets with the same woman as before and leaves again the baby in the same baby carriage. When the woman sees it, the first man is casually walking on there. So she calls the police man and gives back really angry.  <br/> The man realizes that he can't get rid of that baby. He sits down in the street and finds inside the baby a letter which said "Love and care that orphan baby". The man smiles and decided to stay with the baby.
Charles Chaplin is Walking in the street when he stops to smoke a cigarette and he find a baby on the floor. He takes the baby and tries to give the baby to a woman with another baby but the woman doesn't want so he tries to give the baby to a men  who is walking in the street but he puts the baby with the woman other time and the woman gets angry with Charles Chaplin and gives he back. Finally, Charles Chaplin find a note in the baby's blanket that says please take care of him and Charles decides to keep the baby.
At the begginning there was a man taking a walk and someone from a balcony threw some dirty stuff. Right after he found a baby who was on the fllor on his own, this man who got a cigarrette right before, decided to pick up the baby and look a place for him. He first saw a woman who also was taking care of a baby, it looked like it was hers but this man put the other baby in the same baby car without the woman's perimission and once she saw what the man did, she blame to him and gave him the baby back. Then he was about to leave the baby alone lying on the floor but a policeman saw him and he had to take him back again. The man saw an old man and he gave him the baby and started running but that old man saw the same baby car that the first man had seen and he put him back with the other woman's baby; however the man who had thought he would not see the baby again, he took the same street than the old man and the woman saw there was again another baby in her baby car so she hit the man who was walking by and he had to take the baby back. Finally he went to sit with the baby whose clothes had a note in which was said to take care and love that baby.
Charles Chaplin finds an abandoned baby on the road. He tries to giving him or her to a woman who has got a baby yet. She gets angry with Chaplin and return the baby. Then Chaplin try to abandon the baby in the same place where he found him o her but a policeman appears and he takes the baby back. Now he tries to trick a man for keeping the baby, nevertheless, this man leaves the baby with the woman who appeared before. When the woman finds this out, Chaplin appears walking and she starts hitting him because she thinks that Chaplin leaves the baby again. In the end Chaplin decides that he will look after the baby.
Charles Chaplin has been one of the most important actors in the world. His films let us know how the world used to be the last century, before, during and after a war. <br/> This video it's hilarious. Chaplin find a baby that has been dropped out in the street, and decide to give it to someone, even when that people don't want to take him. At the end of the video, Chaplin finds out a letter where it's write  message that said the baby is an orphan, and asking somebody to take care of him. <br/> Finally Charles decides to keep the baby with him. <br/> The story it's hilarious, but at the same time shows a really hard situation.
Chaplin passes by a street ,where rubble is being thrown, while he is smoking. He finds a baby on the floor, takes him and then puts him into a stroller with another baby that is taken by a woman. She argues with him and Chaplin takes the baby again and put him on the floor, but a police man appears and he takes the baby again from the floor. Then he gives the baby to a man who puts the baby in the same stroller and the woman hits chaplin thinking that it was him. Chaplin takes the baby, reads a letter, which he wears in his clothes, and walks with the baby happily.
Chaplin was walking calmly around the streets doing his business. Suddenly, he found a little baby crying in the middle of the street and Chaplin did not know exactly what to do. He came up with the idea of giving it to the woman he saw a little after, since she was carrying her baby in a baby buggy, but the woman rejected inmediatedly due to the fact that that child was not her baby. Then, he was going to place the baby in the same spot he was found but a policy agent was watching him, so he could not. After that, he came up with the idea of giving it to a strange with the following excuse "can you hold my baby for a second please?". Surprisingly, he could get rid of the baby, but it was just for a minute, since the strange placed the baby in the same baby buggy that Chaplin did, so the woman hit Chaplin several times as soon as she saw him again. Finally, Chaplin had to get the baby out of there and when he was far enough he planned to throw it to the sewage. However, he founded a letter between the cloths of the baby, in which was written the following sentence: "Please take care of the child" and after reading that, Chaplin couldn't do anything else than taking care of the baby by his own.
In this video we can see a man who discovers an abandoned baby on the street. First of all, he doesn't know what to do with the baby, because it is a huge responsability to take care of him, so he decides to get ride of the child in many different ways (to give the baby to a woman who carries another baby, to give him to a homeless person..) Then, the man finds a note inside the blanket of the kid that says ¨love me¨. Finally he decides to rear him.
Charles Chaplin, found an abandoned baby on the street. He sees a woman who takes a twin carriage and he says: " excuse me, you dropped something", and he leave the baby in the woman's carriage. The woman tells him that he can not leave the baby there and Charles takes de baby back. He tries to leave the baby in the same place where he found it, but he can't due to the fact that there ir a policeman so he has to take the baba with him. Later, he asks an elderly man to hold the baby for a moment and Charles runs away. The elderly man meets the woman and takes the baby in her carriage. Charles meets the woman again who hits him with an umbrella and gives the baby back to Charles. In the end, Charles keeps the baby.
Charles chaplin found a baby behind a box of rubish when he taked a cigarette to smoke.He took the baby ,then he saw a woman with another baby in his trolley and tried to leave he there. <br/> when the woman saw that she started to hit him , so he took the baby again. <br/> More later  a man was walking there , Chaplin tried to give him the baby as a present. The man did the same that Chaplin did , leave the baby in the trolley of the woman¨s baby , then the man went. <br/> the woman start again to discuss with Chaplin, so he took the baby again, he wanted to leave the baby when he found a letter that said¨ love and care this orphan baby¨.
In this video there is a man (Chaplin) that find a baby and think that a woman who was walking near him dropped the baby, so he put the baby on her buggy. The woman say that it isn't her baby. Then he catch the baby and put it on the floor, at the same time a policeman pass next to him, when Chaplin see the policeman, take again the baby and go to other place. Chaplin see a old man and he give him the baby and run off. This man put the baby in a buggy and go away. Unfortunately the buggy is the same that the first one, when the mother arrive Chaplin pass and the woman, now very angry, she begin to hit him. The policeman see the fight and Chaplin take the baby and see a note that the baby's mother leave, after read it, Chaplin take the baby home.
This is the story of an abandoned baby, that is found by a distracted and caring Chaplin. In a common day, this mister sees that defenceless baby between a pile of trash. He feels really surprised and touched by this drama. Before nobody has realized of the situation, He takes him in his arms sweetly. But his mum is near from Charles and the baby. He knows that he can't be his daddy, he runs and passes the baby to other men. Then It happens the unpredictable: He reads a brief note inside warm baby clothes: ``Please love and care for this orphan child´´. Mister Chaplin becomes a charming daddy. This is a beautiful story of love.
I have seen to Mister Chaplin walking in a street, when he find out a baby. At moment later i see a woman with another baby and Mister CHaplin thought that she was the baby's mother, but she isn't. So he was going to leave the baby on the floot when a police man appereaced and Mister Chaplin couldn't leave the baby for fear at the police man.  <br/> In the next scene i saw another man walking, very similar to Chaplin's walk, when Mister Chaplin tried to leave the baby with the man and it's work. So he run away very hapiness.  <br/> The another man doesn't know what to do with the baby, he see the same woman with her baby and he leave the baby with her. At the ending of the video the woman argumen with Chaplin for leave the baby. The last scene i saw Mister Chaplin with the baby in his arms, he was very confused. He found a letter, which said the baby was orphaned and he decided accept the baby.
At firts we can see the protagonist, who is Charles Chaplin, seaching a baby in the street, and he try to look for his mother. Chaplis thinks that his mother is a woman who walk near to him, but she wasn't. Later, he tries to put the baby in the street again, but the protagonist saw a police man and he pick up the baby again. After that, Charles gives the baby to an unknown who gives the baby to the woman before, and the woman gives again the baby to the protagonist. Finally, Charles Chaplis realizes that is a baby who his mother was abandoning.
Chaplin is walking in a old street when suddenly he finds a baby behind a barrel , he didn't know what to do so when he  saw a woman, he tried to give the baby to her but she refused. <br/> He was thinking in putting back the baby where he found it but a police officer was watching him so he couldn't. <br/> Chaplin saw a man walking near him , he fooled the man and give the baby to him , the man was confused and mad and he saw the woman's  baby cart and he put the baby inside while the woman wasn't watching the baby cart and he left. <br/> Meanwhile Chaplin ran away  and he bumped into the police officer again so he had to walked away far from the police. <br/> When the woman went out the shop and watched the baby again in the baby cart , got mad to Chaplin who was passing near her and he got into trouble because she told to the police officer so Chaplin took the baby again. <br/> When Chaplin sat down , he saw a letter in the baby's pocket that asked him to take care of the baby because it was an orphan.  <br/> And in the end of the video,Chaplin took the baby with him.
We stand on a smelly and dirty street where fishes are thrown and Chaplin walks down. He is looking around and suddenly he finds a baby near the dumpster. Firstly, Chaplin is amazed and he starts looking for the baby's parents, so when he sees a woman with a twins carriage, he thinks that the baby is from her and he put it on the baby carriage but it is not and the angry woman give back the baby to Chaplin. Secondly, Chaplin doesn't want to take care of the baby so he leave the it near the dumpster, the problem is that a police man is watching what he does and Chaplin have to take again the baby. Chaplin without knowing watt else to do, gives the baby to a man who is walking around the street and he starts running. Even though, the baby is returned to Chaplin, because the man who was with the baby left it with the woman we talked about before and she gave the baby to Chaplin with the police in front of them. Finally, Chaplin, even thinking of leaving the baby in a sewer, finds a note that the baby carried which says love and care the baby, so in the end Chaplin becomes fond of the baby.
Charles Chaplin is going for a walk when something hits him in the head. He looks around and realizes that there is an abandonned baby in the street. He picks him up and thinks that the baby is the son of a woman who is carryin a buggy with another baby. He leaves the kid in there, but the woman says it is not hers. He then tries to abandon the baby, but a cop is watching him, so he picks it up again. He then sees a man and asking him to hold the baby while he ties his shoes, he runs away. That man finds the woman and leaves the baby again with her, and Chaplin passes near. The cop is there, and the woman hits Charles and tells the cop that he is abandonning the baby. Chaplin has to take him with him and finds a note saying that the baby must be loved and taken care of, so he finally keeps it.
Charles Chaplin was walking in the street, when suddenly he found a baby on the floor along.  <br/>  <br/> First a police was looking at him in case he did something wrong, so he tried to found a good place for the child. <br/> After that .he tried to hand the baby to a woman with other child but she got angry and she gave the baby back to him. <br/> Nobody wanted to keep this baby. <br/>  <br/> FInally he take the baby and read the note that he or she had saved, which said "Please love and care you this orphan child"
the video begins with Chaplin going under a window where to throw things. Chaplin follow walks when anybody throw on him waste.then he takes out a pack of cigarettes, puts one in his mouth and he takes off his glove and throws them in the garbage.suddenly Chaplin sees a baby lying on the floor while a woman with a baby buggy walks down the street, Chaplin runs up to the woman and leaves the baby in the baby buggy. After arguing with the woman, he picks up the baby from the baby buggy and leaves him on the floor, but a policeman appears behind him and he picks up the baby again.then he goes with the baby and when he turns the street he sees a man gives the baby and he runs away.Chaplin hides and the man leaves the baby in the baby buggy.Chaplin comes out of the hiding place and the woman of the baby buggy see him and she hits him.they start arguing again until a police officer comes. Chaplin picks up the baby and sits on a street curb thinking about leaving the baby in a  sewer.suddenly he takes out a note that the baby hidden in his clothes and he goes walking.
At the beggining of the video Charles Chaplin is walking along the street, when suddenly someone starts throwing debris through a window. Some of them hit Chaplin on the head and put down the cigarette he's smoking at that moment. He lights another one and then he notices that a baby has been dropped in the middle of an alley. He catches the baby and drops him inside a baby carriage of a woman who is walking down the street with her child. The woman yells at him so he has to take the baby with him. Then he tries to leave the baby where he found it, but a policeman sees him and he catches the baby again. Afterwards he manages to leave the baby to a man who passes by, and that man drops it in the baby carriage of the woman we saw before. The woman thinks Chaplin has done that, and she hits him in the head with her umbrella. Finally, we see Chaplin sitting on the street holding the baby on his arms and reading a note that explains that it is an orphan child.
In this video we can see some people. A man is walking in the street and he is smoking. There is another man who is in the house. He is throwing some things to the man who is smoking. The man who is walking has seen a baby in the street and this baby is crying. In the scene, we can see that the man takes the baby and he is trying to call a woman who is searching something. This woman comes in a building and when she leaves the man is leaving the baby in the cart where there is another baby. The woman gets angry and this man leaves the baby again in the street. A police has seen this scene and this man gives the baby to another man who leaves him in the same cart that the man had left the baby. Finally, the woman searches the first man. This man have seen a letter which is carrying the baby and he starts loving the baby.
Chaplin was walking on a building site, smoking a cigarrate, when he saw a baby dropped. He cought the baby asking himself "where is his mother?", after that he saw a baby car and has gonne to put the baby in. A woman told him that that baby is not from her, so Chaplin went to give back the baby where he found him, when a policeman know that Chaplin is giving up the baby, so he decide to go out with a baby, then he meets a man, who gives the baby and runs away. This man does the same like Chaplin in the beginin with a woman. The woman cautions the policeman about Chaplin an the baby. Finally Chaplin finds a letter with the baby and decides retain with the baby.
Chaplin finds an abandoned baby next to a trash bin. Worried, he does not know what to do and he decides to find the baby's mother. When he finds her, she seems not to want the baby and she refuses to take care of him, so Chaplin tries to look for someone who takes care of the baby. He gave the baby to a homeless, but the baby finally returns to his mother. When she watches Chaplin, she believes he is trying to escape so she runs after him. She is angry and the baby is finally returned to Chaplin's hands, who cannot imagine how to raise him.
At the beginning of the vide, we watch the famous actor Charlie Chaplin walking when suddenly some rubbish is thrown to him. Then he takes a cigarette  out of a metal box, it's in that moment when he finds a baby layingon the street. Behind him, a mother with another baby appears, so Chaplin thinks that the baby he has found is also hers.  <br/> Howerver, the woman said to him energically that isn't her baby and she leaves. Chaplin goes back where he foung the baby in the first place to leave baby there, but when a policeman shows up he must keep carry the child. <br/> Chaplin cheats on a man who is walking down the street and run away without the baby. This new man drops baby to the woman we've wached before. That's why, Chaplin has to take care again of the baby as soon as he comes across the woman and also because the police officer shows up once. <br/> Chaplin ends by himself sitting on the pavement. While he's looking inte the child's clothes, he finds a letter that says "Please love and care for this orphan child". Chaplin looks sadly at the baby and finally smile and leaves with baby in his arms.
This video of Chaplin is a funny story about a baby. Firstly, Chaplin is walking calmly when suddenly a lot of rubbish falls on him, then Chaplin decides to light a cigarrette with a match. Later, he finds a baby in the middle of the street, he doesn't know what to do so he starts to walk with the baby until he sees a woman with a baby carriage. Chaplin thinks that the baby is likely to belong to that woman so he puts the baby on the carriage but the woman gets angry and she tells him that the baby is not hers. Chaplin comes back to the street and he leaves the baby again on the floor but when he turns around, he bumps into a policeman and as a consequence he picks up the baby again. Chaplin, with a touch of humour, puts the baby on an unkown man's arms and he runs. The unkown man is now confussed but he finds the same carriage in which Chaplin had left the baby before. The man leaves the baby in the carriage like Chaplin and he goes. The upset woman, that has discovered the baby again in her carriage, sees Chaplin taking a walk so she believes that he was the guilty. The woman givesthe baby back to Chaplin. Chaplin, very desperate, doesn't know how to act, he walks with the baby when suddenly, he sees a note among the blankets of the baby, the note says: ''Please love and care for this orphan child''.
Charles Chaplin is having a walk when he finds an abandoned baby. He takes him and he sees a lady with another baby in a pushchair and when she was distracted looking for something, Charles puts the baby on the pushchair but the lady notice it and she gets mad. Then Charles takes him again and tries to put him back where he found him but a policeman sees it and Charles takes the baby again and leaves. Charles finds an old man and gives the baby to him. The old man finds the lady with her pushchair alone and puts the baby there, then he leaves. Suddenly, Charles appears in that moment and the lady sees him and the baby in the pushchair again, and gets mad with Charles. Once again, Charles takes him and leaves with the baby. He sits on a curb with the baby in arms and then he sees that the baby has a note and reads it. In the note was written: “Please,  love and care for this orphan child”. He decides to keep it.
In this video, a man is walking in the streets when he suddenly encounters a small tiny baby, who has been abandoned on the street floor. Sarcastically, he asks a woman passing by to take care of the creature, and he also hands the baby to an old man who was walking along. Finding that nobody would take care of the poor orphan child, the sir realises that he is the only one that can take care of the creature.
The main character is walking in the street. A street where people drop off things from the windows. Then he stopped because he wanted to take a cigarette from his cigarette box. He was smoking when he realized that a baby was on the ground. He takes the baby and firstly, he thought that the baby was the child of a woman that was passing by. Then, he puts the baby in the pram the woman was carrying with another baby. When the woman saw what was happening, told him that the baby wasn't hers. The man took the baby again and tried to give the baby to another man that was on the street and run away, but that man did the same as him in the first place: he put the baby in the same pram of the same woman. Finally, the woman gave the baby to the first man again (beating him first with her umbrella) and the man, in order not to have problems with the authorities, took the baby again. He found a note with a message written. The message said something like: please love and care for this orphen child. He smiled and hugged the baby.
Charles Chaplin, walking along the alley, dodges the rubble thrown from the windows. When he hears a baby crying, he looks up at the buildings as if the child had been also thrown out from the windows. Them, he takes the baby and tries to leave him with an old man, but the man refuses to take him. Immediately, he puts the baby with another baby in a carriage, but the mother does not want two babies. Finally, he sits with the baby in a passage and he finds a note left in the baby's clothes, “please care for this orphan child.” He looks at the baby fondly and takes him.
The video starts  with a woman throwing trash throughout the window while Chaplin is walking down the street, but he manages to dodge it. He is not that lucky with the second person who's doing the same, and all the garbage falls on him. He seems a little bit upset and shakes off his suit; then, he picks one of the many unfinished cigars he has in his tobacco pouch, takes off his gloves, lights a match with the sole of his shoe and starts smoking, finally throwing his gloves to the bin next to him. All of a sudden, a baby starts crying, the poor thing is wrapped with sheets next to somebody's trash. Chaplin looks up, left and right, confused. He decides to take the baby when a woman, pushing a pram, is crossing the street behind; he thinks the baby might be hers and leaves him or her inside with the other baby. The woman starts yelling at him/her so, he takes him/her back to where he found him/her. But, a police officer, who's watching, thinks he is abandoning the baby; therefore, Chaplin has to take the kid again in his arms and leaves. He finds an old man, and asks him to take the baby while he fixes his shoe, but he runs away. The old man goes after him but he is hidden. <br/> The old man sees the pram half empty and lies the baby there. Chaplin comes out of his secret place and walks the officer again as if nothing would have happened. When he thinks it all has ended, he runs into the woman with the pram and she hits him with her umbrella, forcing him to take the baby; the presence of the officer in the scene again makes him leave quickly with the kid in his arms, not so sure of what to do. He seats on the sidewalk,  looking at the baby and he finds a note in the sheets the kid's covered with which says 'please, love and care for this orphan child', and he finally keeps him/her.
This scene belongs to the film The Kid by Charles Chaplin. At first, it shows Charles Chaplin going for a walk and smoking a cigarette. There is a man throwing rubbish through the window. During his walk he finds an abandoned little baby crying next to a trash bin. He tries to find her mother and tries to give the baby to every single person he finds; first to a woman that is wearing a little child in his buggy. But the woman rejects him because he is not his baby. Then Chaplin decides to left the baby where he finds him, but a police officer appears and decides to carry the baby with him. Later, he sees and old man and leaves the baby with him while he is tying his laces. Then, the old man sees the buggy’s woman and leaves the baby there and run away. The woman realizes that again the abandon baby is on his buggy and sees Chaplin walking over there, so she gives him the baby once again. Finally, Chaplin discovers that the baby is wearing a note that says ‘please love and care for this orphew child’, and he can’t abandon this little child another time.
The video starts with Chaplin passing by these buildings where the tenants throw their garbage through the window, and therefore falling on top of Chaplin. At some point, he finds an abandoned baby next to the garbage bins, he picks the baby up, when he sees a woman with a baby trolley and thinks the baby is hers. Then, he goes and puts back the baby in the trolley, and the woman gets mad because that baby isn't hers, so Chaplin takes the kid back, and returns it to his original place when he is doing so, he runs into a police officer and picks up the baby, again, and gives it to an old man. This old man, puts it back to the same baby trolley from before, thinking that the baby probably belongs there. Once again, the woman sees the same baby in her trolley, while in that same moment Chaplin walks by, and she hits him with her umbrella because she believes that it was him who put back the baby in her trolley. Thus, he picks up the baby, again, sits down on the street, thinks about throwing the baby down the sewerage, but he thinks twice, when he finds a note saying "love and care this orphan". The end.
Charlie founds a newborn baby in the street when a woman pass next to him with a baby cart so he think its her baby, but it wasnt, so he try several times to get rid of the baby but no matter how hard he try, the baby always finish with him. At the end, Chaplin take a note from the babies clothes and read "please take care and give love to this orhpan child", so he leave with the baby. <br/>  <br/> eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
This video is a fragment of a film called “The Kid” starring Charles Chaplin. At first, we can see Charles wandering around a poor neighbourhood, when all of a sudden a pile of rubbish is thrown at him. He does not take this into account and proceeds to light up a cigar. Suddenly, he notices that a baby is lying in the ground. Since a woman is walking by with her child, Charles thinks that the baby he has just found is hers. Therefore, he places the baby in the stroller. Nevertheless, she responds angry to Charles owing to the fact that the baby does not belong to her. As a result, he has to take the baby again with him and decides to leave him back in the place where he found him. However, a policeman discovers what Charles aims to do. Despite the fact that he cannot leave the baby there, he eventually finds a man who he asks to hold the baby for a second, which gives Charles time to escape. This man chases Chaplin but he finds a stroller, where he leaves the baby. Charles comes out of the place in which he had hidden and finds the policeman, so he has to run away again. Nevertheless, Charles passes by the stroller and the same woman he had previously encountered tells him furiously that the baby is not hers. Consequently, he has to take the baby. Finally, Charles sits on the ground holding the baby when all of a sudden he finds a piece of paper in which it is asked to please take care and love the poor child. In the end, he decides to take the baby with him and love him.
At the beginning, there is a man (Charles Chaplin) strolling along a messy and dirty street and after having avoided some garbage which was being dropped from a window, he starts smoking. <br/>  <br/> Suddenly, Chaplin hears a baby crying, he takes him and try to give him to a woman who has already another baby. Nevertheless, she gets incensed and refuses to take care of the child since she is not his mother. Afterwards, Chaplin leaves the baby where he had found him, but a policeman appears and he sees himself forced to take the baby again. <br/> Then, he tries to get rid of him again by giving the baby to a man, who leaves the baby in the baby carriage of the same woman, as Chaplin had done previously. However, the woman sees Chaplin, hits him and he has to take the baby again. <br/>  <br/> At the end, he thinks about throwing him into the sewer, but he discovers a letter among the baby's clothes and decide to take care of him as a father.
There is a man walking on a deserted street when he suddenly founds a baby crying on the floor. At the beginning, he thinks that the baby belongs to a woman who is pulling a baby carriage. However, she gets angry when the man leaves the baby in the carriage, so he has to get the baby back. He tries several times to get rid of the baby, but he can not. Finally, he reads a note that was it the baby's clothes, in which someone asks to take care of him, and the man decides to adopt him.
We are introduced to a very awkward man, who narrowly avoids being hit in the head with rubble several times. When he gets to an alley and lits a cigarette, he finds a child, very little and wrapped in a scarf, in the dirt pavement. Apparently by chance, a woman passes by with a baby trolley and the man, thinking the woman dropped the child unintentionally, places the baby in the carrier. The woman gets really mad that he has tried to place an unknown child with hers and forces him to take it back. After many unsuccessful attempts at getting rid of the baby, the man finds a handwritten letter pleading with whoever found it to care for the child. The man ultimately heeds this, and we are led to believe he does so.
Chaplin is walking, when, suddenly, some rocks fall from a building and almost hurt him. He complains. Then, he takes a cigarette. While he's smoking, he sees a baby on the street. He takes it and looks for someone who could have left it there. As he doesn't find anybody, he leaves the baby in a pram he notices. But the pram's woman complains and holds him the baby again. He tries to abandon it on the street, where he found it, but a police man sees him, so he tries to escape, not to get caught by the police man. After that, he leaves the baby with a man, who puts the baby into the previously mentioned pram, and the pram's woman gives the baby to Chaplin for a second time. Eventually, Chaplin sits down and looks at the baby while holding it, when he notices about a hidden paper in the baby clothes. He takes it and reads the message written: the baby is an orphan kid. Chaplin smiles.
Chaplin was walking near a construction site evading debris falling down but eventually gets hit and drops his cigar. After picking a new one from his case, takes out his worn-out gloves and lights it. After walking for a while finds a baby lying on the floor, crying. He picks it and, after seeing a woman walking by with a baby stroller, he thinks that child may be hers, so Chaplin puts it on her stroller. Charles argues with her, as it wasn't her baby, and when Chaplin tries to leave the baby where it was, a police officer sees him, with an inquisitive look so Chaplin walks away with the baby to find an old man, and tricks him to pick the baby while he ties his shoes, so he can run away. The old man, after finding the same atroller as Chaplin, leaves the kid there and walks away. The woman who was pushing the stroller finds the baby there, surprised, and when Chaplin is walking nearby, she hits him with her umbrella and forces him to take the child, with a little help from the silent police officer. After a short walk, Chaplin sits on the sidewalk near a sewer, and thinks about trowing the baby away, but eventually finds a note saying it's an orphan child, so he pities the baby and takes it with him.
The clip starts with Chaplin walking around ruined buildings when suddenly an amount of trash fall on him. Bothered by the situation, he takes a cigarette from his case and looks around him trying to find the responsible of that action. While he is looking, he notices that, behind him, there is an abandoned baby lying on the floor. A confused Chaplin distinguishes a woman walking down the street with a baby stroller and, therefore, he runs towards her leaving the baby in the troller. When the lady notices about this, she gets mad since she does not recognise the baby. Chaplin and the woman argue and rapidly he comes back with the baby to the place where he found it. Then, he leaves the child again on the floor abandoning it. However, when he tries to escape, a policeman witnesses him. Chaplin takes again the baby and runs. During the chase, he leaves the baby with an old man but, subsequently, the old man leaves the baby with the aforementioned woman and then disappears. Unfortunately for Chaplin, the woman sees him again and assumes that he is the one who has left the baby in the stroller, then the woman, violently, punches him. Chaplin is forced again to take the baby and run. Apparently exhausted, he sits down in the pavement holding the child. Then he notices that within the baby’s clothes there is a note with a message that confirms that the baby is an orphan child. Finally, he opts to adopt it.
In this video, we can see an extract from the silent movie "The Kid" starring by Charles Chaplin. In this scene, Charles Chaplin has found an orphan baby. Firstly, he didn't want  the responsibility of caring him and he tried to get rid of that baby. Unfortunately, he didn't success but he got attached to him and tried to become softer. Finally, he decided to take on this baby. They look adorable when they are together.
