At the beginning of the scene, Chaplin appears walking through a street, and he does not seem very worried. He goes under a window where a man is throwing something that provoques some dust, this is ignored by the protagonist. He keeps on walking and while he grabs his flexible walking stick, a lot of rubbish coming from above him, falls over Charlie making him dirty and also scaring him. Then he decides to take his gloves off and throwing them to the rubbish and to smoke a cigarette he took from a metallic box that he had in his pocket. It is then when he finds out there is a baby left on the street's floor crying, so he decides to get the baby and see if he can solve this problem. Chaplin starts looking around and then suddenly sees a woman with a baby car who seems to be looking for something, this makes him thiink it is the baby's mother. When he gets close and gives the baby to the woman, he finds out that he is confused and that the baby does not belong to that woman. After trying to leave the baby back to where he found it, a police walks in the place and make him get the child again. This leeds our protagonist to do what he does next, to fool a man he sees in the street and to give him the baby. This new man does not know what to do and as he sees a baby car with an empty place, he decides to leave the baby there. Yes, it was the first woman's baby car and unfortunately, she comes of the establishment she is in, coinciding with Charlie again, so she thinks this time it was him too who is trying to deceive her. Finally, Chaplin finds himself one more time with the child and after considering the option of leaving him, he observes a paper into the baby's clothes that says to love and to take care of that orphan boy.
At the beginning of the video, Chaplin appears dodging some kind of materials that are falling down. He walks towards the camera and suddenly, something falls over his head, he stops, look above and then, takes a box with cigarettes within from his pocket. He takes one and put it in his mouth and take his glove off. Then, he lights a cigarette. He hears a noise and realises that there is a baby crying over the floor. He takes him and starts to look for someone. At the same time, a lady appears behind him carrying a baby cart, the lady goes upstairs and he leaves the baby in the cart. The lady appears again, she looks very upset and tells him that she is not the responsible of the baby, he is not hers. He tries to get rid of  the baby, leaving him in the same place where he found him but in that moment, a sheriff comes up and he has to lift the baby again. He starts to walk looking for a place to leave the baby without being seen. He finds an old man, gives the baby to him and runs, hiding him from the man. This one finds the baby cart's woman on his way and leaves the baby on it. The lady finds the baby in her cart again. Chaplin is passing by there at that point and she runs behind him and starts to beat him with an umbrella. The policeman is walking around there again and she blames Chaplin for the baby. He takes the baby and looks, desperately, for a place to leave him. He finds a drain on the floor and thinks about putting him inside, but finally, he feels sorry for the baby and does not do it. At the end of the video, Chaplin finds a note in the baby's clothes that says: take care and love this orphan child. He smiles and goes back home carrying the baby.
There is a man walking in the street. He seems to be a little bit clumsy. He suffers some tumbles. Then he dedices to smoke a cigarrete and meanwhile he realises that there is a baby knock down in the floor. He tries to find his mother but it is imposible. So, he tries to get rid of the baby but the police is always guarding him. Finally, he find a piece of paper between the baby's clothes. The baby is an orphan looking for a family. At the end of the video, the man seems to grow fond of the baby.
To start with, I would like to say that I've seen Charles walking out of a building in an awkard way. He smokes a cigarette and he throws his gloves to the bin. Furthermore, he finds a baby in the bin and tries to find his mother. Besides, he talks to a woman with another baby and asks to her if it is her baby too. She denies it so he brings the baby back to the bin but a police man sees him. Afterwards he sees an old man in the street, gives the baby to him and runs away. Apart from that, the old man leaves the baby in the women's baby stroller. Moreover, when she finds the baby there she suspects of Chaplin and starts sticking him with an umbrella. On the other hand, she tells everything to the policeman so Chaplin takes the baby with him and goes away. In the end, he finds a note with the baby which says: "Please, love and care for this orphan child". To sum up, he smiles and decides to take care of him.
The main character, Charlie Chaplin, has gone for a walk. Since the beginnig we can see that it was not a paceful walk: some bricks started to fall down and almost hit him. However, this was not the worst part. After lighting a cigarette, he finds an abandoned baby next to a trash can. At first, he obviously did not know what to do with the baby. A few seconds later, a woman walking a  <br/> baby stroller passed by, therefore, he tried to put the baby inside it but he woman did not want him either. He tried to leave it where he had found it but a police officer appeared so he took the baby again. After this he tricked an old man and gave the baby to him and this old man did the same thing as Charlie, he put the baby into the same woman's baby stroller. As soon as she saw Charlie, she gave the baby to him again. At the end he keeps the baby.
This video is about Chaplin, who is a very renowned movie director and actor(specially because his films were soundless). By what I've seen, the plot is about a lonely baby who Chaplin finds in the middle of the street and he starts looking for the possible mother and he gets irritated because he cant get rid of the baby. <br/> While he was searching for the solution of the new problem that he had found there he noticed that the baby needs love and he decided to take care of him.
Chaplin is walking through a suburban neighbourhood in which the ladies of the houses dropped their rubbish to the streets. He decides to smoke a cigarrete and when he looks down, he discovered a baby crying. First, he thinks one lady has left him there by mistake so he put him in her baby trolley with another baby, but the woman refuses to take him since that was not her baby. After that, he tries, to left him in the same place he found him in the first place, but a policeman catches him and he take the baby back. Thirdly, he tries to left him to an old man. This time, he gets to scape but the old man puts him back into the same trolley so, when Chaplin passes by there, the woman hits him with her umbrella and retuns the baby to him. Finally, desparate, he thinks in leaving the baby in the sewers, but quickly rejects that idea. Then, he discovers a letter in the baby's clothes which says that he is an orphan and please, take care of him, and he does.
Chaplin comes walking by through the street. When he is near to the camera, some debris hit him. Then, the screen goes black and suddenly appears "Akward Ass". Afterwards, he takes out a box of cigaros and fidgets a little and picks one. Shakes it and puts it in his mouth. He then puts his cane on his left arm, takes off his right glove and slowly his left glove. Takes the cigaro that he saved and lits it with the sole of his shoe and smokes. After that, he throws the gloves to the bin and shakes his hands. When he looks to his left, he sees a little baby. Aftet wondering why he is here or why isn't anyone there, picks them. He looks behind him and sees a woman with a trolley and tries to call her. The woman with the trolley enters the building and Chaplin goes where the trolley is.He then drops the baby in the trolley with another baby and says "Pardon me, you dropped something." They start arguing and Chaplin takes the baby he picked and leaves. He decides to leave the baby where he encountered it but when he turns back he sees a police officer and takes again the baby. Walking down the street he noticed that his shoes aren't tied. He gives the baby to an old man and ties his shoes and runs away, hiding in a house. <br/> The old man sees the trolley and leaves the baby there again and runs away. Chaplin goes out of his hidden place and faces the police officer. Scared, walks away.  <br/> He walks by the trolley and the woman sees him again, yelling at him. She hits him with the umbrella and Chaplin falls to the floor. He stands up and the woman continues hitting him on the way to the trolley. She then tells him about the baby in the trolley and they start arguing again. The police officer sees them, Chaplin takes the baby and runs and the woman takes her trolley and leaves too. <br/> The police officer stares at Chaplin while he goes away and leaves the scene too. <br/> The next scene, there is Chaplin with the baby and his cane. The cane drops of him. He sits and takes the cane and puts him on his side. He sees a sewer, opens it and thinks about dropping the baby there. He gives up the idea. He tries to caress the baby and the baby bites him. He afterwards encounters a note with the baby, he opens it and reads "Please love and care for this orphan child". He looks at the baby with love, smiles, takes his cane and stands up and leaves happily.
Charles Chaplin was walking when he found a baby on the street. At the beginning, he did not know what to do with him so he gave him to a mother who had another baby but she did not want him. Secondly, a policeman saw him leaving the baby so he gave him to a homeless but this man put the baby again in the mother's pram. At the same time, Charles was walking overthere and this mum thought that he did it, so she hit him with her umbrella. Finally, he took the baby and saw a note saying "Love him and take care of this orphan baby" and he tried to do it.
This is a scene of the film The Kid by Charles Chaplin. The scene is about Chaplin that, while he is smoking on the street, he finds a baby lying on the floor. He might have been abandoned. Chaplin decides that he has to find a place for the baby and therefore, he starts thinking what to do. Suddenly, he sees a woman that is carrying her own baby on a trolley. Chaplin thinks that the baby is hers or that maybe she could take care of him. However, when Chaplin puts the baby in the trolley, the woman shouts at him as the baby is not hers. Because of that, Chaplin decides to put the baby again on the place where he found him but, a police officer warns Chaplin that he cannot abandone a baby, as if he or she was his own child. Chaplin takes the baby again on his arms and starts walking on the street. He sees another man and Chaplin gives the baby to him. This aforementioned man sees the trolley of the prior woman again. When the woman realizes that the baby is again on the trolley, she gives the baby to Chaplin as if it was him the one who put the baby there. As Chaplin do not get to find a place for the baby, he decides to take a rest to think and he sits on the street with the baby on his arms. At that moment, he finds a note from the actual mother of the baby, saying that please take care of the child as he was yours. As a consequence, Chaplin decides to adopt the baby.
Chaplin walks down the street, smoking a cigarett when suddenly something lands on top of him. After that, he lights up another cigarett and he sees a baby on the floor. He picks him up and gives him to a lady with a stroller, assuming that he is hers. The lady, angry, gives him back to Chaplin that tries to fool another man in order to make him keep the baby. But the man puts the baby again in the stroller of the lady, that thinks it was Chaplin again the one who did it. She hits him with her umbrella and tells the policeman. Chaplin picks him up once again and sits with him in his arms in the Street. He finds in the baby's clothes a note that says to take care of him. He smiles to the baby and leaves.
This is a story in black and white in which you can see the main character, Charles Chaplin, walking in the street and smoking. Suddenly he finds a baby and he tries to return it to his mother. He sees a woman passing by with a trolley so he tries to drop it in the trolley. The woman tells him the baby is not hers and Charles tries to put him back where he found it. The police sees him so he tries to give it to a man that is also passing by. The baby ends up with him again, he finds a note saying to take care and love that orphan child so he keeps it with a smile in his face.
While Charles Chaplin is walking down the street, people throw rubbish out of the windows. Some trash finally is dropped on him. As a result, he stops and prepares himself a cigarette. Then, he throws his gloves in the bin. What happens next makes him feel confused: he finds a baby on the floor. As a woman comes by with a baby buggy, Charles Chaplin thinks that the baby might have fallen out of it, so he puts him on it with the other child, but the woman gets angry with him and tells him to take his kid and stay away from them. Later, Chaplin tries to return the baby to where he found him, however, as a policeman is watching him, he has to take the kid again with him. Then, Chaplin attempts to leave the child with an old man by faking that he has to tie his shoes and running afterwards. Nevertheless, the old man leaves the child on a baby buggy he founds, which is that from the woman that appeared on the previous scene. When she notices the new baby and identifies Chaplin on the street, she attacks him with her umbrella and makes him take the unknown child with him again. Meanwhile, the policeman observes them. Later, he thinks about leaving the child in a sewer, but refuses the idea and, when he does, he finds a letter inside the baby clothes and discovers that it is an orphan kid. Finally, he decides to keep the baby with him and leaves.
Chaplin's character was walking around the street when he sees that there's a baby abandoned in the middle of the street. He grabs him and, as he did't know what to do with the poor baby, he drops him or her in a baby carriage of a woman he comes up there. But the woman gets mad about it and Chaplin has to take the baby back and leave him or her back in the street. Then, another man shows up and grabs the baby as well but he doesn't know what to do with him or her, so, again, he leaves the baby in the same baby carriage that he finds while the owner is not looking. As the police is waching around, these characters are trying to scape from him. Finally, Chaplin has to grab the baby again, but he discovers a note that the baby has hidden between the blankets. This note says to take care of the baby with love, so that is what Chaplin finally does.
Chaplin comes out. Neighbours are throwing rubbish out of the window and is falling on Chaplin. He does not seem much bothered and takes off his gloves and ligths up a cigar. He later throw his gloves to the rubbish bin.  <br/> At some point, he saw a baby in a corner of the street, right behind another bin, and hold him up to see him more clearly. Then, he sees a woman with another child and thinks that she might have lost that baby so he places him on the baby carriage. The woman seems upset by this reaction because it is not her baby and hits Chaplin to show her anger and make him go away. As a result, Chaplin goes again to the corner where he found the baby, in order to put him where he was found. However, a policeman saw him and angrily told him not to do so, which makes Chaplin move to another street, where he finds a man and, pretending that he has to tie her shoelaces, he tricks the man to get rid of the baby and leaving him in the arms of this man. This person, in another street, sees a baby carriage and decides to place the baby there in order to get rid of him. However, the woman, when she comes out of the grocery shop, sees Chaplin walking down the street and, again, hits him to show her annoance and make him go back to the carriage and take the baby again.  <br/> With the baby in his arms, Chaplin is confused and tired. He does not know what to do with the baby. He even thought about placing him in the drain. Nevertheless, he finds a note in the baby clothes. It is written to please love and take of that orphan child. Chaplin, at this point, feels the responsability to do so and decides to keep the baby.
The video begins with Charles Chaplin walking down the street when suddenly some bricks almost hit him because a person throws them out of the window. He keeps on walking while he is smoking a cigarette, and he is attacked again, but this time by a different person who throws his or her trash out of the window. Chaplin seems a bit angry; however, he checks a box he is carrying with him in order to smoke another cigarette again. Once he starts smoking, he takes off his gloves and decides to throw them in the bin next to him. Just when he throw them away he hears some noise, like a baby crying, so what he does is to turn around and sees that there is a baby alone in the street wrapped up in blankets. He begins to analyse the situation and looking everywhere because leaving a baby in the street is a very cruel act. While he is taking the baby with him, there is a woman with a baby carriage walking behind him. Chaplin sees her so he walks towards her with the intention of leaving her the baby. He leaves the baby in the carriage and the woman beings to argue with him because the baby is not hers; therefore, Charles has to take the baby with him again and wants to leave him in the place where he found him. However, at that moment a pollice officer appears behing him and sees what Charles Chaplin is doing. He is caught in the action and the policeman believes he is abandoning his baby. When Chaplin sees the officer behind him, he quickly takes the baby with him again and starts walking down the street. He runs into a man and gives him the baby with the excuse that he needs to tie his shoes, so he is pretending he is doing that when all of a sudden he runs away. The man notices what Chaplin has done and goes everywhere looking for him but he cannot find him because he is hidden. That man fins a baby carriage in the street so he decides to leave the baby in it and runs away. Chaplin leaves his hiding place and walks next to the baby carriage exactly when the woman appears and sees the new baby in her carriage. As she sees the baby, she sees Chaplin too, so she thinks that the one that let the baby there was him and not the other man; therefore she follows him and starts hitting him with her umbrella. The policeman observes the situation and the woman argues with him and with Chaplin, so he is forced to take the baby with again. He sits down in the pavement next to a sewer and watches it with the intention of leaving the baby there, but finally he does ot do that. He checks the baby and fins a letter in the blankets that says "please love and care for this orphan child". Then, the video finishes with him looking at the baby and smiling at him.
A man is smoking while walking on the street. Suddenly, a heap of rubbles hit him falling down from a building. Then, he opened his cigarette box to look for a new one because the cigarette that he was smoking has dropped. When he lights the new cigarette and have it into his mouth, a baby shows up next to him. As he does not know where the baby has dropped from, he thinks that it may belong to a woman that has other baby, thus, he puts the baby into the baby cart of the woman. However, the woman denies that the baby is hers. He is uncertain about what to do with the baby, so, he decides to leave them on the ground where he found them. When he was close to leave the baby there, a policeman came and he had to pick up the baby. After all that did not work, he decides to give the baby to an old man while he tie his shoelaces. Immediately, he runs away and hides at the same time that the old man holds the baby. That old man finds the same woman with the baby cart and he introduces the baby there. Then, the woman sees the first man walking around and thinks that he has put the baby inside the baby cart again, therefore, he had to pick up the baby. Finally, he accepts his fate and sits on a kerb where he realizes that there is a note that says that this baby is an orphan. At the end, he seems to understand the situation of the baby and he decides to take care of them.
One day, Chaplin is walking down the street, smoking, and checking his clothes are looking good. Neighbours are throwing rubbish from their windows, falling on him. All of a sudden, Chaplin finds a little baby on the ground and he picks him up. He wonders why the baby is there alone and sees a lady walking by with another baby. He runs to place the abandoned baby next to the lady’s kid. However, she realises it and he has to keep the baby for himself.  <br/> After that, he decides to leave him on the ground again, but a police officer catches him doing it and he has to keep him. Next, Chaplin gives the baby to an old man walking down the street and starts running away. The old man gives the little baby to the very same woman to whom the baby was given before. The moment she realises, Chaplin is walking next to her, so she just runs to catch him and hits him in the head with her umbrella.  <br/> Chaplin has the baby again and he does not know what to do anymore. He just sits down, holding the baby. He finds a piece of paper hidden between the baby’s clothes and reads it. He realises he is an orphan boy, so he is brave and decides to take care of him.
At the beggining we can see Chaplin walking around and smoking while somebody is throwing rubbish from their windows. He hits a bin ang while he is watching what there was in that bien he suddenly sees a baby crying on the floor. At first, he thinks that the mother might be a woman who is walking around  so he puts the baby inside of her baby car baby carriage but she is not the mother so she gives him the baby back. Afterwards, Chaplin gives the baby to a random man who again puts the baby in the baby carriage of the first woman. When she sees the baby again in there, she beats Chaplin. Finally, Chaplin finds a  note in the baby's blanket that asks for love and care for the poor baby and Chaplin smiles at him and leaves with the baby in his arms.
This is one of those famous black and white short films with Charlie Chaplin as the main character. At the beginning of the film we see him walking down the street while he is smoking and suddenly he stops to ligh another cigarette. He takes off his gloves and looks around to find, surprisingly, a newborn baby laying on the floor. He doesn't know what to do when he sees an old lady , so he goes and drops the baby into her carriage. However, the lady gets mad and she gives back the baby to Chaplin. Later, he tries to leave the baby at the same spot where he found it, but a police officer sees him so he tried again by gaving the newborn to a random man who was patiently strolling. Then this man returns the baby to the same lady and the baby ends in Chaplins hands again. He gives up and keeps it.
Chaplin was walking down a sketchy street when he found a crying baby laying on the ground. He soon saw a woman with a stroller and thought that baby was hers, so he put it in; however this was not the case and she gave it back to Chaplin. He then put the baby back where he found it but a police officer caught him red-handed so Chaplin picked it up again. He kept on walking until he saw an old man with a walking stick and left the baby with him. This old man found the  lady with the stroller and put them back in. Chaplin passed by and the lady thought it had been him again who had left the baby there, so she hit him with her umbrella and made him take the baby back. Finally, Chaplin was sitting and found a note in the baby's clothes which said to love and take care of them, and so did Chaplin.
In the opening scene we see Chaplin, an impoverished man, walking In a lower-class area interrupted by what it seems to be rubbish falling on top of his head, thrown by a person calling him an “awkward ass”. Disrupted, stops to smoke a cigar when he spots an abandoned baby crying. Surprised by the incident, he tries looking for the parent of the child when woman passes by with a stroller trying to hand off the child, but failing since it is not hers. Chaplin attempts to leave the baby where he first found it, but yet again fails due to the police observing him. Leaving, he makes his final attempt to get away from the baby, he ask a favor to a bearded man to hold the child to clean his shoes, however he makes a run from it. The bearded man leaves the child in a stroller, coming to find out it is the same from earlier. Chaplin walking by is attacked by the same women, forcing Chaplin to take the child. When sitting down, he finds a note written by the parent saying “please love and care for this orphan child.” Reading that letter, he feels sorry for the baby ultimately, decides to keep and raise it.
Chaplin is going for a walk when suddenly he finds a baby abandoned by the side of the road. At first, he thinks someone might have dropped him by accident so he tries to return it to a woman passing by with her own baby, but she yells at him, probably because she believes he is trying to get rid of his baby. When Chaplin runs away from the angry mother, he puts the baby back when he found him; nevertheless, a policeman unexpectedly appears and he has to take the baby with him. However, he still tries to get rid of the poor creature by giving it to an old man and running away. The old man tries to chase him, but when he is unable to do so, he just tries to give the baby to someone else as well. He encounters the same mother Chaplin had already tried to give the baby to and runs away. When Chaplin passes by the woman and she realises the baby is there, she beats him up and screams at him violently. When the same policeman approaches to see what is happening, Chaplin just takes the baby again and goes away to avoid conflict. He seems to wonder what is he going to do with him when he realises there is a note between the clothes that wrap the child. In the note, the father or mother of the baby asks for whoever that encounters him, to please love and take care of him. Then, Chaplin decides to take the baby with him.
This video tells the story of a man called Charles Chaplin who finds a baby in an industrial city. Charles is poor man who  was having a stroll and smoking  when he found an abandoned kid on the floor. He tried to give the kid to a woman that already had her own baby. The woman tell him off for doing that and Chaplin ran away. Then, he tried to leave the kid in the same place where he found him. But surprisingly,  a policeman was there and didn't let him leave the child. After all, Charles faced the situacion and decided to look after the child.
Chaplin is walking on a street and trash is thrown down onto him from above. He opens a pack of cigarettes and takes off his gloves in order to light one with a matchstick. He finds a crying baby lying on the floor and picks the baby up. He runs towards a trolley where he sees another baby and tells the mother of the second baby that the she dropped her other baby, but she scolds him  and he takes the baby and goes away. He is proceeding to leave the baby where he found it but a police officer comes by and he is forced to take back the baby. He founds a man with a limp and drops the baby on that man's arms and runs away. The man chases after him and he hides, so the man drops the baby in the previous trolley again and runs away. When Chaplin passes by the trolley, the mom sees him and chases him while scolding him so he picks up the baby and take it out of the trolley. The police officer is nearby so Chaplin feels responsible for picking up the baby and after walking with it in his arms, he sits down next to a sewer and opens it while contemplating the option of throwing the baby down, but soon after he discovers a letter which was wrapped in the baby's blanket which says something along the lines "please take good care of me", so he smiles at that and decides to keep the baby.
The first scene shows Chaplin walking down the street, trying to avoid the bricks that fell from the houses. Unfortunately, he is hit with some bricks and decides to smoke a cigarette.  <br/> He finds a crying baby who is laying on the floor and picks him up. He thinks he found the mother of the baby and procees to return him. The woman gets angry because that is not his child.  <br/> Chaplin tries to return the baby to the floor but a police officer appears, forcing Chaplin to take the baby with him.  <br/> He then fools an old man to keep the baby and run away. The old man gets rid of the baby placing him in the woman's craddle with her other child. As the time the woman finds out that the baby is there, Chaplin is walking down the street. The woman chases him and forces him to take the baby.  <br/> The scene ends with Chaplin discovering a note that asks him to take care of the baby, and so that he does.
There is a man walking down the street and, suddenly, a flowerpot crashes down on the ground right in front of him. As he is grunting about what has just happened, he takes a cigarette butt out of the tin box he keeps in his pocket. After taking his gloves off, he lights a matchstick with the sole of his shoe and starts smoking the butt. When he is about to set his journey again, his attention is driven to a baby lying on the floor, all wrapped up in blankets. He then sees a woman with a stroller, and he decides to follow her carting the baby in his arms. He tries to make the woman believe that she has dropped the baby out od the stroller, but she does not seem very convinced about that idea as she starts yelling at Chaplin. Then he returns to the same place the flowerpot landed on and he restored the baby to where he found him or her.  <br/>  <br/> At that very moment, a police officer sees Chaplin leaving the baby behind and so Chaplin decides to take the baby with him. As he strolls down the road, he pretends to need to lace his shoes and he entrusts the baby to a man in the street. When that man is distracted with the baby, Chaplin escapes and hides from the man who is chasing him. This latter man also sees that very same woman from before and leaves the baby in the stroller once again, but the woman thinks that it was Chaplin who put the baby inside the stroller and not the bearded man. After being beaten up with an umbrella, Chaplin takes the baby once more, but this time under the watchful eye of the police officer and he leaves.  <br/>  <br/> Chaplin, resigned, sits down on the pavement, and takes a letter from the wrapped baby. The letter says: “Please love and care for this orphan child”. It seems that Chaplin was moved by this short note as he leaves with the baby in his arms.
The short clip starts with Chaplin walking down an alley, seconds latter a bunch of rubbish falls on him and he complains looking up to what we asume to be the person that threw it. He decides to open a can with cigars that are in bad conditions and lights one up. As he keeps walking down this alley he finds a baby and wonders who might have left it there, he decides to pick it up and at that moment a lady in the background appears with a chariot. Chapling thinking it might be her baby tries to put the baby inside the chariot but the woman is mad so I is clear that the baby is not hers. He picks the baby up and tries to  put it where he found it but a policeman sees him so he decides to pick it up again. <br/> He walks with the baby till he finds an old man and with the excuse on tying his shoes he leaves the baby with the old man and runs away. The old man sees the woman with the chariot and again tries to put the baby in it. Chaplin sees the policeman and runs in the other direction getting caught by the lady that thinks he tried to leave the baby with her again and proceeds to hit him. The policeman is watching again so Chaplin decides to take the baby with him. Not knowing what to do he sits down with the baby and thinks about hiding it in a sewer. He takes pitty on the baby and reeds the note that was left with it. The mother asks in the note that someone takes care of her baby and loves it so Chaplin decides to keep it and the scene fades to black.
Chaplin is walking as a builder throws rubble from an apartment above. He cleans the dust off of himself and continues walking and smoking a cigar. Suddenly, someone throws rubbish to him from above. He stops, swears at the person above and takes a can out of his pocket that contains several half-smoked cigars. He takes one, lights a match with the sole of his shoe and throws his gloves to the bin. He looks to the left to discover a crying baby who has been abandoned on the street. He approaches and checks on him. Then, he looks at the surrounding buildings looking for the possible parents of the child. After seeing nobody, he decides to grab him while a woman with a trolley passes by. Chaplin notices the woman and chases her. When the woman stops to enter one of the houses, Chaplin leaves the child on the woman’s trolley just to see her come back yelling at Chaplin. The woman tells Chaplin, very angrily, that the baby is not hers, so Chaplin grabs the baby again and the woman leaves. Chaplin returns to where he found the baby and leaves him/her there again. When he turns around, he bumps into an officer and immediately turns around to take the baby and leave. As he is walking by, he sees an old man walking with a stick. Chaplin tells the man to hold the baby while he ties his shoe. When the man holds the baby, Chaplin pretends to tie his left shoe and a second after he runs away, leaving the man with the baby. The man chases Chaplin, who hides in a small room next to where the baby was found. The old man, not being able to find Chaplin, leaves the baby on the woman’s trolley. Chaplin exits the room where he was hiding and comes across another officer. He turns around and leaves. In the next scene, two people walk by the trolley and the woman goes out of the shop. The woman sees the baby on the trolley and shows herself incredulously. Chaplin passes by the woman, who takes an umbrella and runs to him. She starts to beat him with the umbrella. She grabs him by the jacket and takes him to the trolley. They start an argument about the baby and the woman calls an officer. The woman explains the situation to the officer and Chaplin takes the baby again, without the officer telling him to. They all leave. Chaplin walks on the sidewalk and drops his stick next to a drain. Then, he sits on the sidewalk to pick up the stick. He opens the drain and looks at the baby, thinking about dropping him inside. He frowns and closes the drain. He stares at the baby and starts talking to him/her. When the changes the baby to his right lap, Chaplin stabs himself with a pin that is on the baby’s blanket. He looks into the folds of the blanket and finds a note, which was held with the pin. He takes out the note and pokes the pin on his blazer. He unfolds the note, which reads “please love and care for this orphan child”. Chaplin, moved by the note, looks at the baby and keeps the note in a pocket of his blazer. He starts smiling at the baby, takes his stick and they both leave.
The video portrays the humorous adventures of a man (Chaplin) who accidentally gets himself in very problematic situations. At the beginning of the video, Chaplin leaves a building, and not far from there, he has a little accident with what it seems to be ruins of a construction. Later, this man decides to smoke a cigarette, and so he takes one from a box from inside his coat and lights the cigarette with his shoe. When he starts walking again, he finds a little baby on the corner of the street. He decides to pick up the baby and put it inside a chariot he finds not far from there. When the woman returns and finds out someone has put a baby inside, she immediately starts to what it seems shouting at Chaplin. Then, this man takes back the baby he had found and tries to put it back where he was. However, a police officer appears on the scene, so again, Chaplin picks up the baby, and this time he gives it to another man. This new man takes the baby, and he find the chariot of the previous scene and tries the same thing Chaplin had done. The man leaves the scene and when the woman finds out about the baby, Chaplin happens to be walking passed her, and so he's blamed for this action. The protagonist decides to take the baby with him and sits on the boarder of the pavement considering to put the baby inside the sewer but this only lasts for a few seconds in his mind. At the end of the video Chaplin finds what it seems to be a note from the baby's parent asking for someone to take care of this child. The man then smiles and keeps the baby with him.
It's a comical sequence of Charles Chaplin by which he finds himself smoking in an alley when he suddenly sees a baby standing on the floor. He picks up the baby, and tries to give it to a woman passing by with her own baby. The woman rejects taking care of the baby so Chaplin picks it up again, and tries to return it to the previous place where he found it. However, a police officer catches him in the act so he picks up the baby one more time. Going down the street, Chaplin sees a man and tricks him to hold the baby while Chaplin ties his boots so that he could get out of there without the baby. This man, trying to find Chaplin, sees the same baby carriage where Chaplin had unsuccessfully left the baby the first time, and leaves it there. The woman, furious about this, tries to find a solution when, unfortunately for Chaplin, he passes by in front of the woman. She chases him with an umbrella to pick the baby and carries it with him. Finally, Chaplin decides to take care of the baby since anyone else is willing to do it.
At the beginning, we can see Charles Chaplin walking in the street when, after an incident, he finds out a newborn baby on his way and decided to take him/her. Later, when he saw a mother with a buggy and her baby, Chaplin thought the baby he found could probably be hers and put him on that same buggy, but the woman said it was not hers and Chaplin took the baby back again. Thus, he tried to leave this kid back on the floor but he picked him up as soon as he noticed there was a police near him. Worried because of having this small kid, he convinced a man to take him/her for a while while he fled. Unfortunately for Chaplin, this man put the baby back on the mother's buggy without being caught by anyone. Hence, when the mother saw Chaplin again, she made him to take the baby out of his buggy. Finally, this hopeless Chaplin, sat down with the kid on his arms, realized that this was an abandoned baby left with a note. After reading it, Chaplin changed his mind about the baby and we can imagine that he looked after the baby as the paper he read only asked for this baby to be loved as he had been abandoned.
This is a video in which we can see Charlie Chaplin in a dark comedy sketch about a baby he finds on the streets while walking around. When he find the baby for the first time he is overwhelmed by the situation and try to get rid of him by giving him away to an old lady who is taking another one to a walk. The lady catch him in the moment and he is forced to take the baby again. He later tries to put the baby where he first found him, but a policeman catch him too. After that he gives the baby to a beggar who, just after that, put the baby in the same carriage Charlie tries at the beggining. He meets for accident the lady again and he is blamed again even if he wasnt the culprit this time. Finally, he sits with the baby more calm and look at the baby, and he finds a note with him that reads as the baby is an orphan who is looking for shelter. Knowing that, Charlie get up to go to the orphanage, and the video stops.
Charles Chaplin is walking down a narrow and dilapidated street. He is struggling to avoid the rubble while smoking a cigar when he suddenly sees a baby lying on the floor. He picks it up and brings it to a woman carrying a pram, who refuses to take him though. Back with the baby, Chaplin gives the kid this time to an old man, trying to avoid the policeman who is following him. However, the old man puts the baby again in the pram of the woman, making her mad. Chaplin has no option but to take the kid and leave. He finally ends pitying the baby and taking care of him.
In this black-and-white video, it can be seen Charles Chaplin in one of his silent films. In the first scene of the video, Chaplin is in the middle of an alley, where people are throwing away what seems to be rubble and dirt until one person throws rubbish upon him. In a close-up image of Chaplin, we can see he is wearing mittens and grab a cigarette just before seeing a baby abandoned in the middle of the alley. As he does not know what to do with this child, he tries to get rid of him in different ways. First, he tries to get the baby in a lady’s baby pushchair, with another baby in it. He is caught, so he tries to leave the baby in the same place he found it, being caught again by a police officer. In his third attempt, he manages to do get rid of the baby, leaving him with a bearded man. However, eventually, the baby ends up again in the lady’s pushchair and as she recognises Chaplin, she told him off and calls the same police officer that was patrolling there. Finally, Chaplin, just when he is about to leave the kid in the sewage system, finds a note, in which someone wrote that this kid is an orphan and requests that whoever has found him to take care of him. This final letter seems to be the conclusive reason for Chaplin to adopt the child.
From afar comes a man, actually, he is Charles Chaplin, he wears a scruffy suit, a hat and big shoes. This bizarre outfit gives him a funny air. He has a cigarette between his lips and when he blows the smoke comes as if he was a steam locomotive. He walks like nothing around him matters, like he is oblivious of his surrounding. He passes below an open window, from which a man appears and throw something white, perhaps dust or flour, who knows. Mr. Chaplin looks at the fallen thing just for a second and continues with his walk in that clumsy way he has. He approaches and gets closer and closer. And while he walks, he changes the cane he is holding from one hand to another and plays with it and bends it. Suddenly, something from above falls on his head and this time it really bothers him. He looks up and down trying to find from where that thing comes. Then, from his pocket he gets a tin, a tobacco tin, he opens it and take one cigarette. Then, he takes the tin back to his pocket and after removing his gloves he lights the cigarette and starts smoking again. He gets rid of the gloves by throwing them into a bin and when he looks at his right he finds a baby crying wrapped up in a blanket. He looks everywhere trying to find his parents. “Where this baby comes from?”, he seems to wonder. He takes the baby in his arms and in the distance he sees a woman pushing a baby buggy. Thinking that perhaps she is the baby’s mother, Mr. Chaplin puts the baby inside the buggy. When the women finds out, she starts yelling at him and he can do nothing but to take the baby away and retrieve the poor thing to his or her original place. However, a policeman just appears from nowhere and looks at him in an earnest way that makes Mr. Chaplin take the baby again in a rush and leave. Afterwards, he finds an old man walking in a cane; he gives the baby to him and flees. The old man goes after him but Mr. Chaplin hides away. In his way, trying to find Mr. Chaplin, the old man just by chance finds the baby baggy mentioned above and leaves the baby inside it and runs away. When the woman finds out that there was an “intruder”, she gets really crossed. The funny thing is that Mr. Chaplin walks in front of her own eyes, so the women goes after him shouting and raising her umbrella and pointing it at him. She starts striking him repeatedly, shouting at him and demanding an explanation. The policeman appears and approaches since these two are enrolled in an argument, the woman explains what has just happened and Mr. Chaplin just takes the baby away once again. He seats down and next to him finds a gutter and opens it. For just a moment, he weights his possibilities. However, something happens: the baby carries a note which reads “Please, love and care for this orphan child”. Mr. Chaplin looks at the baby with compassion and kindness, takes him in his arms and without raising his eyes from him, leaves the scene.
